From: slegge@kean.ucs.mun.ca Subject: Leafs versus Wings  How long can the Leafs play short-handed and still be expected to score?  They did some fine penely-killing in the first (2 men down for a couple of minutes at one point) but they just could not keep it  up.  They spent virtually the entire game either short-handed or just coming off a penelty -- as soon as they would get re-grouped, they are penalized again!   Sheesh -- like Gilmour said after the 1st -- you cannot go calling  every little push an shove in a game like that.  And if you are going to, you have to do it for both teams.   Pearson (one of my four favorite Leafs) played like a bonehead -- I saw him personally screw up at least 2 good scoring opportunities, and then he got that *bonehead* 5-minute major high-sticking penalty.   Cullen has gotten stronger since his return from injury a hand-full of games ago and he played a good game.  If the other players on his line can smarten up, that line should do okay.  Clark is got to get tough -- he has got to intimidate and go for the net.  Send Clark up the left  wing over the blue line a couple times... his patented wrist shot will put some numbers on the board... and Pearson... heck, maybe he should be benched.   I hate to repeat Grapes, but where the heck was Foligno?  Zezel cannot do all the checking himself -- and get MacLlwain on the move... we  need some speed out there!  Keep Potvin in net, he did okay  considering... although (like I said a couple weeks ago) Potvin  messed up in a couple games in the AHL playoffs last year -- he can  easily do it again.   My prediction last week was Toronto in 7 -- that the games DET wins  will be blow-outs and the game TOR wins will be close -- I still stand by that.   do not fret, Leafs fans, in order to win in 7, the other team has to win 3! :-)   Burns is going to make some magic -- he shall mix up some lines.  Match the Wings line-per-line.  he shall have his team checking hard, and he shall never let them get out-numbered in their own end.  The Leafs will win Wednesday night... and will take 1 or their home games (probably the first one).   Stephen LEAF Legge SLEGGE@kean.ucs.mun.ca  