From: leunggm@odin.control.utoronto.ca (Gary Leung) Subject: Re: POTVIN and HIS STICK  In article  2346575PS380@sscl.uwo.ca writes: >Dino getting shots in front of the net, he should expect it.  This is playoff >hockey where anything goes. You lose one game in the regular season, and it is >not so bad. You lose a game in the playoffs and it is a difficult thing to >overcome.  i have watched hockey (and played it too) for a number of years and >I have not seen one post-season game where the forward in front of the net  >has not finished without any bruises on the back of his leg.  The Leafs are  >not doing a good job in clearing the net and Potvin has been forced to take >matters into his own hands.  I remember when Cicarelli used to play for the >London Knights (OHL), he always was a nuisance in front of the net and the  >goalies took exception to this.  He also complained (in this morning is paper) >about what happened last night, but to me, it is a lot of bellyaching. His  >team is up 2-0 and he complains about being whacked...I wonder what would >happen if he tried to do the same thing in front of Billy Smith or a younger >Ron Hextall? Seems Dino would need two artifical legs.  Dino should take it  >as part of the game and thank his lucky stars that he has in the playoffs and >has a good chance to go the finals.   Well, I agree that if you are going to stand in front of the net, that you should expect to get hit and hacked at. In general, you should expect to finish the game with some bruises. However, there is a fine line between hacking at a guy (causing some pain and discomfort) and blatantly attempting to injure another player. Felix Potvin, IMO, crossed that line on Wednesday. That two hander on Ciccarelli was way out of line. I lost a lot of respect for Potvin because of that. It showed an immaturity. He did not slash at Ciccarelli to simply try to remove him from the slot area (a legal position for Dino to be in). Instead, he slashed in an attempt to injure. It was out of shear frustration. As a Leaf supporter (just a supporter, i am not a Leaf fan really), I was very disappointed.  you are right in mentioning Billy Smith and Ron Hextall (at least in his Philly days). They both crossed that same line at times and for that reason, many fans (and players) disliked them (that is why their names always comes up as examples when we talk about these issues). let us hope that Felix does not do that again. i had hate to see anyone (even Dino --- although I admit I do not like him very much) get seriously hurt from such careless (but intentional) use of the stick.  Gary   