From: amanda@intercon.com (Amanda Walker) Subject: Re: Would  clipper  make a good cover for other encryption method?  bontchev@fbihh.informatik.uni-hamburg.de (Vesselin Bontchev) writes: > If there are many as..., er, people in the USA who reason like the  > above, then it should not be surprising that the current plot has been  > allowed to happen...   The willingness of the majority of the people to give up their freedom in  exchange for a sense of safety is hardly limited to the USA, and is an  endemic problem in any human society of any appreciable size.  The structure  of the US government does try to combat this tendency to some extent, but  fighting entropy is always a losing battle.  Most people would rather have  comfort than freedom.  The paradox is that you cannot really have the former,  in the long term, unless you have the latter.  One of the reasons that I probably come across to some people as a weird  cross between a libertarian and an  establishment tool  is that I end up  taking an utterly pragmatic view of government.  I do not get up in arms when  the government fails to protect the interests of the people, because in my  lifetime it never has--therefore, I have no expectation that it will.    As a result, I protect my own interests rather than expecting the government  to be  fair .  I will use strong cryptography when I think it is needed,  whether or not it is legal at the time.  Same thing with anything else the  government would rather not see in private hands--that is their problem.   what is important to me is using the right tool for the job.  If it is legal,  so much the better.  If it is not, but does not violate my (very strong)  sense of personal ethics, I will use it anyway as long I think it is worth  it.  Expecting the government to actually protect the interests of its  citizens, except by accident, is utter folly.  Even Jefferson, one of the  major architects of the American system of government, figured that in a  couple hundred years it would become so corrupt and self-serving that it  would be time dismantle it and try again, by revolution if necessary.  I  agree, and while I do not go around trying to spark one, i shall certainly  participate if it happens when i am around.  There is a reason I am such a  strong supporter of individual rights while being so cynical about politics.   i have already written off politics.  And yes, this may get me in trouble some day.  If so, so be it.  I drive  faster than 55 MPH, too.   Amanda Walker InterCon Systems Corporation   