From: mjr@tis.com (Marcus J Ranum) Subject: Re: let us build software cryptophones for over the internet...  Graham Toal  writes: >Yes.  i am not sure if my xposting to comp.speech made it to here too, but >i have found that a low sample rate (3300 samples/sec at 8 bits per sample) >plus the pd  ishorten\' lossless sound compression code actually does get >speech into 14.4K with a simdgen left over.  This is *definitely* worth >working on, folks.  And shorten works in well under real-time.  \tI do not think that this should be worked on just in the context of cryptography. that is sure to pose all sorts of problems for all sorts of people.  \twhat is needed is for someone to develop a portable telephone quality speechRS232 converter. Imagine, if you will, a little box that takes data on its serial port and puts out sound, and takes sound and codes it to signals on its serial port. Full duplex. Now, this device is not a cryptographic device. it is a portable poor man is sound blaster or whatever you want to call it. it is got loads of perfectly legitimate applications for: \ta) speech synthesis (with a few nifty libraries and some samples) \tb) speech recording for electronic messaging \tc) building voicemail systems \td) internet talk radio \te) internet relay chat  \tOf course, some of the electronic messaging in item b might be encrypted, possibly realtime, but that is the user is decision. One would need 2 of these talky boxes and a pair of modems and some kind of cutout to switch over, and some code on, say, a 486 laptop.  \ti had really like to see such a thing developed so that interactive internet talk radio could be done. Ideally, though, it should be a general purpose device. It should be a general purpose enough device that nobody should be able to balk at its widespread use. Obviously, to make it easy for homebrewers, it should use pretty common hardware.  \tit is interesting to note that i had already talked with a couple of folks about building such a thing, before this whole clipper thing started. I even went so far as to track down a couple of folks who are able to make sample units, given incentive and some time. i had envisioned finding a couple of folks interested in such a project and helping fund development of a public domain board layout and parts set, that could be published in the form of CAD drawings for a couple of major CAD packages, and in PostScript.  \tAnyone interested? i shall start a provisional mailing list. Let me know if you want on.  mjr. 