From: msunde01@mik.uky.edu (Mark  Underwood) Subject: Re: How to the disks copy protected.  In article  noeler@xanth.CS.ORST.EDU   (Eric Richard Noel) writes: > I hate hard copy manuals, and would rather have all docs online - *not* > because I want to copy the program, but because its usually faster and > and convenient than sifting through an old book I cannot find.  Just MHO, but I prefer hardcopy books because you can have three or four   of them open spread across the bed (next to the desk in my dorm) and   reference them while using the program full-screen.  The Windows Help   things come closest to good on-line documentation i have seen, but they   generally are not detailed enough and would probably take a LARGE amount of   space (even compressed) which is at a premium on my system . . ..  In   fact, the manuals are the primary reason I bought Borland is C++ compiler   instead of using the one the lab licensed (in the lab, of course).  i have   got a SHELF full of books to help me out when i am stuck.  :-)   To each   his own . . . :-)  >  > Off deeper end-> Why does everyone think they need to be able to make a  > backup copy? Almost all new software must be installed to the hard disk, > so you are left with the originals as your backups. I think its a waste > of time, space, and money, as well as it makes it to tempting to  lend  > out the backups.   we have destroyed about six sets of original Microsoft Word for Mac 5.0 and   Word for Windows (may have been a bad batch of disks).  do not have the   faintest idea what happened to them, they just went bad.  were not stored   near any magnetic fields or otherwise mistreated, indeed they were only   used once.  Given this, and the massive headaches finding a working set of   disks to fix some of the machines that periodically go down, i had say   having working backups is a godsend.  I sure wish we would had them (Sometimes   I think Murphy is Law holds true more often than Newton is!!) when we needed   them.  I think it is sortof like snake antivenin.  99.995% of the time you   have absolutely no use for it, but when you need it, BOY do you ever need   it!  I do not have backups of my originals at  home  but then my machine does not   see anywhere NEAR the use/abuse of these here at the lab, and so I   consider it less of a risk.  Still, I usually make  working copies  of   them when I install them and then eventually re-use these  working copies    for something else. . ..   >  >  > No flames intended - just my thoughts.  Just mine, too!  :-)  BTW, before anyone notices my mentioning  copying  programs from machine   to machine when we do installs here and wonders about the licensing, the   upper-management (non-student staff, of course) are METICULOUS in checking   with providers of the software and making SURE we are sticking to the   license agreements . . ..  Mark S. Underwood EE Student, University of Kentucky Lab Assistant, Boyd Hall Microlab  \t(a tiny little division of UK Library Microlabs) E-Mail:  msunde01@mik.uky.edu 