From: squish@endor.uucp (Shishin Yamada) Subject: Re: Laser vs Bubblejet?  \tJust thought I would add $0.02 to DeskJet thread. I got my first one in college about 5 or so years ago.  \ti have been a happy HP user of the DeskWriter for Macintosh for past 5 years. I got one just a few months after their release. And I got software revision 1.0a (now i am up to rev. 3.1. Our family (sister and father) have each purchased their own DW is after seeing mine go for one year unscathed (their stuck to their trusty ImageWriter II is). The original DW has gone for 5 years at moderate personal use. I would say that it has gone through at least 15,000 sheets, and around one (small) ink cartridge every 3 months or so.  \tMy brother might take this DW now (i am probably gonna give it to him), and I am looking to upgrade to a color DW. The chief advantages/disadvantages i have found over the years are:  Advantages:\tQuick (2-3 ppm), Quiet (roomate can sleep while it is printing), AppleTalk Networkable (unfortunately the original was not, so look out if you buy used. I rewired our home with phonenet AppleTalk connectors, and while home, we can all use my dad is one DW!), and cheap (now run ~$300). BTW, you can upgrade older DW is to color or for appletalk, I dunno if HP still does the upgrades, but I received many offers (I just did not ned it however). Also, crisp laser-quality output is a wonder (used to really impress those ImageWriter Dot-Matrix people so much so, that I had to charge $0.25 per sheet to stop my college dorm neighbors from bothering me at all hours of the night....)  Disadvantages.\tInk used to be hard to find, and was not cheap, and was not originally water-proof. While HP has done wonders with the ink (I dunno if it is still toxic), it is still subjet to smearing and running (if you run around in the damp Boston rain, and get your bookbag completely soaked). Ink now runs about $14-$15 for small carts (I get mine from Elek-Tek in Chicago, I think they are now down to $12). The ink carts used to say they are dated for only 6 months, but I do not think they say so anymore. We stick to a 4 month supply (of about 3 carts). We use cheap Hammerhill Laser Print paper (after fooling for a long time. Laser/Xerox paper is also good). Smearing does not happen, unless you have a brand new ink cart and you grab the paper and smudge it all over as soon as it comes out of the machine. Other disadvantages are : No Postscript (this can be an advantage in speed, usually). Ways around this are Ghostscript or Freedom of Press software solutions. I bet HP probably has a PS prototype inkjet, but they will not release it for fear of hurting LJ sales.  In the end, the primary advantages of laser are true postscript (unless you go for cheap lasers), and fused toner (no smearing, even when soaking in water). Lasers are slightly sharper, but the only instance where I needed precise layouts was Printed Circuit Board Transparencies for PhotoEtching. I found a Textronix color Phaser Postscript (Thermal Wax Transfer) to work the best to make PCB negatives directly onto a transparency.  Well, hope my babbling has helped. -squish@endor.harvard.edu  