From: kludge@grissom.larc.nasa.gov (Scott Dorsey) Subject: Re: Pressure Zone Microphones  In article  mpaul@unl.edu (marxhausen paul) writes: >I remember, back before commercial mikes with the  PZM  label (for >Pressure Zone Microphone) started showing up, I read an article, >in some engineering journal, that described the principles involved. >All the physics aside, from a practicle standpoint the author is said >they built a prototype with nothing more than a small Sony lavelier >mike laid up against a large aluminum disk.  In demonstrating it at >a presentation to audio engineers, this was impressive enough that >the people present were bugging them about where they could buy them.  Yup, it is not all that difficult to do.  >Anyway...I want to build some to use as  choir mikes  (wide coverage). >i have had good luck using some small electret mike elements I got >from Digi-Key - most of these are limited-bandwidth, peakey units >but for a buck or two more I got the ones spec had to go out to 20kHz >with a bit flatter response.    The Panasonic cartridges are not bad, but they are not spectacular.  >The distance of the mike opening from the flat plate is kind of >critical.  i am debating whether to mount it on it is side, which >puts the opening a shade under 2mm from the plate, or mounting >it with the opening actually pointing down into the plate at a >small clearance.  I have not dissected a unit like you can buy at >Radio Shack to see how they do it.  Thoughts?  do not mount it on the side.  Call up Crown, the company that has the patent on the PZM, and ask them for information on construction and use of the things.  You may have to determine the correct spacing emperically with a noise source and a spectrum analyzer because the design of the Panasonic cartridges uses a tuned cavity in front of the electret element to increase the high frequency response, and you are going to be altering the resistance through the cavity entrance.  Crown has a nice book on the subject, though it is unfortunately rather short on mathematics.  there is a JAES article from many years back, too.  Still, for your application, you shall be a lot better off buying the cheap Radio Shack models and using Phil Rastoczny is modifications to get a clean balanced output.  Phil is mods seem to get reposted here on a regular basis. --scott 