From: aldridge@netcom.com (Jacquelin Aldridge) Subject: Re: Teenage acne  pchurch@swell.actrix.gen.nz (Pat Churchill) writes:   >My 14-y-o son has the usual teenage spotty chin and greasy nose.  I >bought him Clearasil face wash and ointment.  I think that is probably >enough, along with the usual good diet.  However, he is on at me to >get some product called Dalacin T, which used to be a >doctor is-prescription only treatment but is not available over the >chemist is counter.  I have asked a couple of pharmacists who say >either his acne is not severe enough for Dalacin T, or that Clearasil >is OK.  I had the odd spots as a teenager, nothing serious.  His >father was the same, so I do not figure his acne is going to escalate >into something disfiguring.  But I know kids are senstitive about >their appearance.  I am wary because a neighbour is son had this wierd >malady that was eventually put down to an overdose of vitamin A from >acne treatment.  I want to help - but with appropriate treatment.  >My son also has some scaliness around the hairline on his scalp.  Sort >of teenage cradle cap.  Any pointers/advice on this?  We have tried a >couple of anti dandruff shampoos and some of these are inclined to >make the condition worse, not better.  >Shall I bury the kid till he has 21 :)  :) No...I was one of the lucky ones. Very little acne as a teenager. I did not have any luck with clearasil. Even though my skin gets oily it really only gets miserable pimples when it is dry.   Frequent lukewarm water rinses on the face might help. Getting the scalp thing under control might help (that could be as simple as submerging under the bathwater till it is softened and washing it out). Taking a one a day vitamin/mineral might help. i have heard iodine causes trouble and that it   is used in fast food restaurants to sterilize equipment which might be where the belief that greasy foods cause acne came from. I notice grease  on my face, not immediately removed will cause acne (even from eating meat).  Keeping hair rinse, mousse, dip, and spray off the face will help. Warm water bath soaks or cloths on the face to soften the oil in the pores will help prevent blackheads. Body oil is hydrophilic, loves water and it softens and washes off when it has a chance. that is why hair goes limp with oilyness.   Becoming convinced that the best thing to do with a whitehead is leave it alone will save him days of pimple misery. Any prying of black or whiteheads can cause infections, the red spots of pimples. Usually a whitehead will break naturally in a day and there will not be an infection afterwards.  Tell him that it is normal to have some pimples but the cosmetic industry makes it is money off of selling people on the idea that they are an incredible defect to be hidden at any cost (even that of causing more pimples).    -Jackie-   