From: mhollowa@ic.sunysb.edu (Michael Holloway) Subject: Re: Homeopathy: a respectable medical tradition?  In article  homer@tripos.com (Webster Homer) writes: >mhollowa@ic.sunysb.edu (Michael Holloway) writes: > >>Here is your error.  I really do think this shows some confusion on your >>part.  (Drum roll please)  Science is not so much the gathering of evidence >>to support an  assertion  (read: hypothesis) as it is the gathering of >>empirical observations IN ORDER TO MAKE AN HYPOTHESIS.  What should >>convince you (or not) should not be the final product so much as *HOW* the >>product was made.  >> >Here is your error. There is no observation or hypothesis that is not tainted >by theory. I have a theory, I make observations, those observations will be >made with my theory in mind.   Yes, absolutely, though i had make the observation in a more general sense of all observations are made by human beings and therefore made with various biases.   But here your message leaves talk of hypothesis and gets back, once again,  to equating the business of science with the end result, the gizmo produced.  >Science works very well at developing theories >within paradigms, but is very poor at dealing with paradigm shifts. If I  >develop a novel paradigm that explains homeopathy, chinese medicine, or  >spontaneous combustion. If the paradigm is useful it will show me the way >to make observations that  prove  or  disprove  it.  My point is not so much whether or not you have a novel paradigm but *how*  you come about developing it.  >The paradigm of modern medicine is that the body can be reduced to a set of >essentially mechanical operations wherein disease is seen as malfunctions in >the machinery, essentially the old Newtonian model of the world. It seems >likely that theories based upon this paradigm do not give a complete  >discription of the universe, medicine, healing etc... Indeed we now  >recognize an important psychological component to healing.   Perhaps you had admit that this is an oversimplification on your part (the topic of the philosophy of science is made for them, i am making them too) but I think that it also summarizes popular misconceptions of science and the  business of doing science.  Biomedical research does not make any basic  assumptions that are not the same as any other discipline of scientific research.  That is, that you make empirical observations, form an hypothesis and test it.  Modern medicine has much more to do with biochemistry than   the old Newtonian model of the world .  And I doubt that many psychologists would appreciate being put outside this empirical  world view .  Psychology also has more to do with biochemistry than spoon bending.   >It is also important to distinguish reason from science. Science may be >reasonable, but so are many non-scientific methodologies. Aristotle reasoned >that frogs came from mud by observing one hop out of a puddle.   Oversimplified, of course, but a good example.  This is an empirical observa- tion.  It was then tested, though perhaps not by Aristotle, and eventually  found wanting.  In the meantime, some folk will  have continued to believe in the spontaneous generation of animal life.   there is nothing at all surprising about this, it is the way the gathering of knowledge works.  There are probably more than a few things in my own  discipline of molecular biology that will be found to be totally off-base, even idiotic, to someone in the future.  These future people will not have come to these relevations because they had suddenly gone all Zen-like and had  a vision in an LSD trip.  Someone will have thought of something new and  tested it.  This is the bit that people who seem to relish misrepresenting science and research cannot seem to wrap their minds around.  Science is a  creative process.  What I think of as factual and good research can be totally turned on its head tommorrow by new results and theories.    Again, I think it gets down to defining what you mean by  science .  I often do not recognize what it is that I do, and am involved in, in the way science is portrayed by popular media or writings of people in the humanities.  They portray science as a collection of immutable facts, pronouncements of TRUTH in big gold letters.  that is silly.  Its as though we just go into the lab, turn over a stone, and come up with a mechanism for transcriptional regula- tion.  Its much more interesting than that.  It really is a very human process. 