From: turner@reed.edu (Havok impersonated) Subject: Re: Is MSG sensitivity superstition?  In article  carl@SOL1.GPS.CALTECH.EDU writes: >In article , slyx0@cc.usu.edu writes: >=Surprise surprise, different people react differently to different things. One >=slightly off the subject case in point. My brother got stung by a bee. I know >=he is allergic to bee stings, but that his reaction is severe localized >=swelling, not anaphylactic shock. I could not convince the doctors of that, >=however, because that is not written in their little rule book. >Of course, bee venom is not a single chemical.  Could be your brother is >reacting to a different component than the one that causes anaphylactic shock >in other people.  Hmmm.  The last time I got stung by a bee I experienced the same reaction the first poster is brother did.  We went off to the doctor to see if I should worry about the fact that my foot was now about 3 times it is normal size.  (And itched!!!  Ow!)  He basically said I should not this time, but that bee sting allergy was not something you tended to get aclimatized to, but were something that each time got progressively worse generally and that next time could be the time I go into anaphylactic shock.  Admittedly this was many years ago when I was young.  Since then I just make sure I do not get stung.  I also should carry a bee sting kit with me, but I do not.    This is not scientific or proof, but this would lead me to believe it is not a different reaction, just a different degree of reaction.  Allergies work that way.  People have various reactions.  Sort of like diabetes, some people can get by with just monitoring their diet, others have to monitor their diet and use insulin sometimes while others have to watch their diet like a hawk and use insulin regularly.    I think MSG is probably similar...some people have allergic reactions to it.  Some people are allergic to fermented things and cannot use soy sauce...but the chinese have been using it for centuries... that does not necessarily mean that it is safe for everyone.    \tJohanna turner@reed.edu 