From: heart@access.digex.com (G) Subject: cholistasis(sp?)/fat-free diet/pregnancy!!  Hi,  i have just returned from a visit with my OB/GYN and I have a few  concerns that maybe you all can help me with.  i have been seeing  her every 4 weeks for the past few months (i am at week 28)  and during the last 2 visits i have gained 9 to 9 1/2 pounds every  4 weeks.  She said this was unacceptable over any 4 week period.  As it stands i have thus far gained 26 pounds.  Also she says that  though i am at 28 weeks the baby is size is 27 weeks, I think she  mentioned 27 inches for the top of the fundus.  When I was 13  weeks the baby is size was 14 weeks.  I must also add, that I had  an operation a few years ago for endometriosis and i have had no  problems with endometriosis but apparently it is causing me pain  in my pelvic region during the pregnancy, and I have a very  difficult time moving, and the doc has recommended I not walk or  move unless I have to. (I have a little handicapped sticker for  when I do need to go out.)   Anyway that is 1/2 of the situation the other is that almost from  the beginning of pregnancy I was getting sick (throwing up) about  2-3 times a day and mostly it was bile that was being eliminated.   (I told her about this).  I know this because I was not eating  very much due to the nausea and could see the \'results\'.  Well  now I only get sick about once every 1-2 weeks, and it is still bile  related.  But in addition I had begun to feel movement near my  upper right abdomen, just below the right breast, usually when I  was lying on my right side.  It began to get worse though because  it started to hurt when I lay on my right side, and then it hurt   no matter what position I was in.  Next, I noticed that when I  ate greasy or fatty foods I felt like my entire abdomen had  turned to stone, and the pain in the area got worse.  However if  I ate sauerkraut or vinegar or something to \'cut\' the fat it  was not as much of a problem.  So the doctor says I have cholistatis, and that I should avoid  fatty foods.  This makes sense, and because I was already aware  of what seemed to me this cause and effect relationship I have  been avoiding these foods on my own.  But i am still able to eat  foods with Ricotta cheese for instance and other low fat foods.    But doc wants me to be on a non-fat diet.  This means no meat  except fish and chicken w/o skin (I do this anyway).  No nuts,  fried food, cheese etc.  I am allowed skim milk.  She said I  should avoid anything sweet (e.g. bananas).  Also I must only  have one serving of something high in carbohydrates a day (  potatoes, pasta, rice)!  She said I cannot even cook vegetables in  a little bit of oil and that I should eat vegetables raw or  steamed.  i am concerned because I understand you need to have  some fat in your diet to help in the digestive process.  And if  i am not taking in fat, is she expecting the baby will take it  from my stores?  And why this restriction on carbohydrates if  she is concerned about fat?  i am not clear how much of her  recommendation is based on my weight gain and how much on  cholistatis, which I cannot seem to find any information on.  She  originally said that I should only gain 20 pounds during the  entire pregnancy since I was about 20 lbs overweight when I  started.  But my sister gained 60 lbs during her pregnancy and  she is taken it all off and has not had any problems.  She also  asked if any members of my family were obese, which none of them  are.  Anyway I think she is overly concerned about weight gain,  and feel like i am being \'punished\' by a severe diet.  She did  want to see me again in one week so I think she the diet may be  temporary for that one week.   What I want to know is how reasonable is this non-fat diet?  I  would understand if she had said low-fat diet, since i am trying  that anyway, even if she said really low-fat diet.  I think she  assumes I must be eating a high-fat diet, but really it is that  because of the endometriosis and the operation i am not able to  use the energy from the food I do eat.   Any opinions, info and experiences will be appreciated.  i am  truly going stark raving mad trying to meet this new strict diet  because fruits and vegetables go through my system in a few  minutes and i shall end up having to eat constantly.  Thus far I  do not find any foods satisfying.  Thanks   G 