From: vek@allegra.att.com (Van Kelly) Subject: Re: Prayer in Jesus\' Name  According to what I have read on Biblical idioms, speaking  in X is name  is a standard Aramaic/Hebrew legal idiom for what we today would call Power of Attorney.  A person from Jesus\' culture authorized to conduct business  in John is name  had full authority over John is financial affairs, but was held under a solemn fiduciary obligation to work only for John is benefit and consonant with John is wishes.  It was not required for the steward to preface each business transaction with  in John is name ; it was sufficient to have valid power of attorney and be operating in good faith. (Note the overlap here between legal and religious definitions of  faith .)  With this cultural background, praying  in Jesus\' name  does not mandate a particular verbal formula; rather it requires that the petitioner be operating faithfully and consciously within an analogous  fiduciary  relationship with Jesus and for the purposes of His Kingdom.  The message of  praying in Jesus\' name  is thus closely aligned with the parable of the talents and other passages about God is delegation of Kingdom business to his stewards, both resources and responsibilities.  This idea of praying  in Jesus\' name  is not only present but prominent in the Lord is Prayer, although the verbal forumula is absent.  The act of praying the words  In Jesus\' Name  may be beneficial if they cause us to clarify the relationship of our requests to the advancement of God is Kingdom.  For that reason, i am not quite ready to say that the praying the formula is without meaning.  Prayers to God for other purposes (desperation, anger, thanksgiving, etc.) do not seem to be in this category at all, whether uttered by Christian or non-Christian, whether B.C. or A.D. (that is B.C.E. or C.E. for you P.C. :-).  I do not see anything in Christ is words to contradict the idea that God deals with all prayers according to His omniscience and grace.  Van Kelly vek@research.att.com   The above opinions are my own, and not those of AT&T. 