From: nichael@bbn.com (Nichael Cramer) Subject: Re: Some questions from a new Christian  OFM responds to a query about reference works:     [Aside from a commentary, you might also want to consider an    introduction.  These are books intended for use in undergraduate Bible    courses.  They give historical background, discussion of literary    styles, etc.  And generally they have good bibligraphies for further    reading.  I typically recommend Kee, Froehlich and Young is NT    introduction...  Two other Intros to consider:  The  Introduction  by Ku:mmel is a translation of a strandard NT text. The references are slightly dated and the style is somewhat dense, but the book contains a wealth of information.  Perrin and Duling is Intro is also very good.  it is somewhat more modern than Ku:mmel is but not quite so densely packed.  Also the authors tend to go through the books of the NT in the historical order of composition; this gives a very useful perspective on the development of the NT.     ... There are also some good one-volume commentaries.  ... Probably the    best recommendation these days would be Harper is Bible Commentary.  A slight dissent: I think the Harper is is  OK  but not great.  One particular problem I have is that it tends to be pretty skimpy on bibliographic material.  My feeling is that it is OK for quick look-ups, but not real useful for study in depth (e.g. I keep a copy in my office at work).     ... (I think there may be a couple of books with this title...  So far as I know there is the only one book with this exact title (James L Mays, general editor, Harper and ROw, 1988) although I think I recall a (older) series under the name  Harper Commentaries .  Also there is a separate Harper is Bible Dictionary (most of my comments on the HC also apply to the HBD.)  My favorite one-volume commentary is the  New Jerome Biblical Commentary .  The NJBC is rather Catholic in focus and somewhat biased towards the NT.  (The reader can decide for her- or himself whether these are pluses or minuses.)  In any case the scholarship is by and large excellent.  NOTE: The NJBC is a completely reworked, updated version of the  Jerome Biblical Commentary , copies of which can still be found on sale.  Nichael 