From: mussack@austin.ibm.com (Chris Mussack) Subject: Re: Atheist is views on Christianity (was: Re:  Accepting Jeesus in your heart... ) - soc.religion.christian    In article , trajan@cwis.unomaha.edu (Stephen McIntyre) writes: > norris@athena.mit.edu  writes: > > For example: why does the universe exist at all?   >  > Must there be a  why  to this?  I ask because of what you also >      assume about God-- namely, that He just exists, with no  why  >      to His existence.  So the question is reversed,  Why cannot >      we assume the universe just exists as you assume God to >       just exist ?  Why must there be a  why  to the universe?   Whether there is a  why  or not we have to find it. This is Pascal is(?) wager. If there is no why and we spend our lives searching, then we have merely wasted our lives, which were meaningless anyway. If there is a why and we do not search for it, then we have wasted our potentially meaningful lives. Suppose the universe is 5 billion years old, and suppose it lasts another 5 billion years. Suppose I live to be 100. That is nothing, that is so small that it is scary. So by searching for the  why  along with my friends here on earth if nothing else we are not so scared.  What if you woke up at a party, with no memory, and everyone was discussing who the host might be? There might not be a host, you say. I say let us go find him, the party is going to be over sometime, maybe he shall let us stay.  Because we recognize our own mortality we have to find the  why .  > ... > Well, then, Buddhism, Confucianism, Taoism, Hinduism, Judaism, >      Zoerasterism, Shintoism, and Islam should fit this bit of logic >      quite nicely... :-)  All have depth, all have enduring values, >      thus all must be true...  This is a good point. But more of a good point for studying religion than ignoring it. Some Christians disagree with me, but it is worthwhile to study different religions and philosophies and glean the truth from them. To quote (of course out of context)  Test everything and keep what is true.   Chris Mussack 