From: Eugene.Bigelow@ebay.sun.com (Geno ) Subject: Re: The arrogance of Christians  >If I do not think my belief is right and everyone else is belief is wrong, >then I do not have a belief. This is simply what belief means.  Unfortunatly, this seems to be how Christians are taught to think when it comes to their religion. Some take it to the extreme and say that their religion is the ONLY one and if you do not accept their teachings then you will not be  saved . It takes quite a bit of arrogance to claim to know what God thinks/wants. Especially when it is based upon your interpretation of a book. The logic in the above statement is faulty in that it assumes two people with differing beliefs cannot both be correct. it is all about perception. No two people are exactly alike. No two people perceive everything in the same way. I believe that there is one truth. Call it God is truth, a universal truth, or call it what you will. I do not believe God presents this truth. I think it is just there and it is up to you to look for and see it, through prayer, meditation, inspir- ation, dreams or whatever. Just because people may perceive this truth differently, it does not mean one is wrong and the other is right. As an example, take the question,  Is the glass half empty or half full ? You can have two different answers which are contradictory and yet both are correct. So, for your belief to be true, does not require everyone else is belief to be wrong.  [If a person has what they believe is convincing evidence that God will save only Christians, it is hard to see how you can criticize them for arrogance for saying so.  It could be that they are wrong.  But I hardly see that it is arrogance.  let us look at this a bit closer. Suppose we had some combination of prophets and messiahs that taught us things, but did not say anything about exclusivity.  If we believe them, and then add  and anybody who believes anything else is damned , then you could well criticize us for arrogance.  But in this case the exclusivity is in the message as it comes from the prophets, etc.  So we could be wrong in believing it, but I do not see how we can be called arrogant.  Maybe the world is not a soft place.  Maybe certain choices actually do have eternal consequences.  I can see calling the Christian message arrogant, in a certain sense (though only in the same sense as calling the law of gravitation arrogant because it does not give us any option over whether we fall if we jump off a building).  But not Christians for passing it on, given that they believe it.  The complaints I can see making are (1) that Christians are wrong, or (2) that God is arrogant.  --clh] 