From: cmgrawbu@eos.ncsu.edu (CHRISTOPHER M GRAWBURG) Subject: HELPHLPHELPHELP  ******* *******  This is somewhat long, but pleas read it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *******    Boy am i glad you decided to read this. i have got a problem that  I need as many people is help from as possible.  Before I go in to the details of this, let me go ahead and tell you that (though it may sound it) this is not one of those boy meets girl problem...at least not totally like that to me....Anyway...  OK, I am a 19 year old Sophmore at NCSU. About 10 years ago, my family and I were vacationing at the coast in a cottage we rented. Across the street, was ths girl who would whistle at me whenever she saw me... her name in Erin. Well, we became friends that week at the beach and have been writing each other for about 10 years....there was a period of about 2 years we lost contact..but that was a while ago.   By the way...Erin lives in Kansas and me in NC.  OK, last year in one of her letters, she says that she is coming back to NC to see some of her family who are gonna be there. So I drove about 4 hours to see her. This is where it begins....I spent the whole day with Erin....one of the best days of my life. Even though we had been writing each other, we still had to get used to being in person....she has got to be the most incredible woman I ever met. (she is one year older than me BTW). I mean, no person in the world could ask for a better person. Not only was she incredibly beautiful (not to  mention WAY out of my league...although i am  not unattractive mind you), but she had a great personality and a great sence of humor. Her family is one of those families who goes to church but that is about the extent of their Christianity...you know the kind of people. But she knows I am a Christian.   Well, you get the idea of what I think of her. If there is ever such a thing as love at first sight....I found it. That was last year...I kid you not when I say that I have thought about her EVERY day since then.  In out letters, Erin and I always kid each other about not finding dates..(which is true for me, but I know it cannot be for her). She has had some problems at home, her folks split up and she ended up leaving school....Now we are at the present...  Let me give you part of the letter I got from her last week....    Okay, now i am going to try to explain my life to you. i am not going to KU anymore because something just is not right. College just was not clicking with me here. Greek life is really big here and that just is not my way. I was not taking any classes that truly interested me & i really have no idea of what i want to do with my life. I was interested in something medical (Physical Therpy) & I love working with  kids, but \'it\' just did not work for me at this university. And my parents could tell.   So i am working full time at the Bass Store [Bass shoes that is] and now I have a part-time job at a local daycare. I work in the infant room M-W-F. i have really enjoyed it so far. It spices up my week a little bit and  it is great experience.   As of now, i am not planning on going back to school in the very near future. The main reason being my indecision on what I want to study. But I definatley plan on going back within the next couple of years. Where? I have no idea--except for one thing, it will not be to Kansas.   Right noew i am discussing a promotion with my boss and district  manager. It looks like i shall train at the store I work at now for about 4-6 months as Assistant Manager and when that is done, i shall  basically be given a list of stores (newly or soon to be built) to  chose where i would like to manage. i have pretty much decided on either one of the Carolinas (hopeully close to the beach) would not it be fun to actually see each other more than once every few years?? What do you think abou that? I would like to know your opinion.   This job would pretty much be temporary. But it is VERY GOOD pay and any thye of management experience would look good on an application or resume. The company is solid and treats it employees very well. Good benefits, bonuses & medical plans. Plus- after 1 year of full-time service, they will reimburse tuition. I do have school money waitng for me, but this will help, especially since I will probably end up  paying out of state tuition wherever I go.   Chris, i really would like to know what you think of my decision. I  respect your opinion. i have been completely lost for what to do for  soooo long that when the opportunity came along it sounded really  good. I do like my job although i am about 99.9% sure that i want to do more with my life than reatil management..but it IS something. I do not think earning about $20,000 a year for a 20 year old female is too bad.    Anyway, onto your career decisions. i shall solve your problem right now, MARRY ME...   You can do your pilot thing-- I like to be by myself sometimes! Seriously (or not as seriously)- do what will make you the happiest, worry about the home life later.   ***********  OK, well i am sure you see what has got me so uptight. What do you think she meant about the marraige thing??   I dream at night about marrying her, and then she mentions it in her letter!!! I do not know what to think??  Since she wants to move to the Carolina is should i search out a  Bass store near here and aske her to come to Carolina???  I always pick on those people who graduate from high school and get married....but what does she mean???   i have had a lot of stress lately with exams and also the fact that  I do not date beacause 1) No time  2) Not that much $$ 3) that most college women are wrapped up in the social scene with  the Greeks whic as a Christian I cannot support-----and here she says she does not like the Greek thing either!!  Maybe i am so stunned because there is actually a girl that I am so attracted to paying some real attention to me.  I mean, what if she did move to NC...what would I do??? i am only 19 and she 20....i am only a Sophmore struggling through classes..  I have prayed about this over the past year from time to time.. saying,  God if she is the right one, let the situation open up..   Could this be my sign???  I would do ANYTHING to get her to NC...here is some moree that makes  it worse..  Should I call her?? i am terrible over the phone. I do not even like to talk to my friends here for longer than 3 minutes.  I mean, what would a girl as perfect as her want with a very average guy like me??  i am really confused....I would really appreciate any help i can get.  Thanx   Chris  [I have a feeling that it might be more appropriate to talk with Chris directly via email.  --clh] 