From: REXLEX@fnal.fnal.gov Subject: Assurance of Hell  I dreamed that the great judgment morning had dawned,      and the trumpet had blown. I dreamed that the sinners had gathered for judgment      before the white throne. Oh what weeping and wailing as the lost were told of their fate. They cried for the rock and the mountains. They prayed, but their prayers were too late. The soul that had put off salvation,   Not tonight i shall get saved by and by.  No time now to think of ....... religion,   Alas, he had found time to die. And I saw a Great White Throne.  Now, some have protest by saying that the fear of hell is not good for motivation, yet Jesus thought it was.  Paul thought it was.  Paul said,   Knowing therefore, the terror of the Lord, we persuade men.   Today, too much of our evangelism is nothing but soft soap and some of it is nothing but evangelical salesmanship.  We do not tell people anymore, that there is such a thing as sin or that there is such a place as hell.    As Jayne has said, this does not mean we have to come on so strong so as to hit people over the head with a baseball bat.  Yet the fact remains, there is a place called hell.  A place so fearful that God died to save us from having to experience it.  Whatever you or I, as Christians, do, we should do whatever we can to win people to the Lord, if for no other reason, to keep them from going to  outer darkness. .    Jesus, in Mt. 25, tells us that He did not prepare hell for people.  He prepared it for the Devil and his angels.  No where in the Bible do I read -anywhere, that God predestined anybody to go to hell.  D.L. Moody use to say that the elect are the  whosoever will  and the nonelect are the  whosoever wont is.   Whether or not that is theologically sound, I could not defend, but its practical.  Jesus said to the people of Israel,  Ye would not.     Now, some of you may not be students of the Bible, heck -some of you may not be Christians.  Have you ever said to somebody,  I do not believe in hell.  I believe in the religion of Jesus.   But did you know that Jesus talked more about hell than He did about heaven!   Oh I believe in the religion of the sermon on the mount.   You find hell taught by Jesus in the sermon on the mount.  you shall read that Jesus talked about the tree being cast into the fire.  Several times he talks about hell and about judgment.  In fact, over and over in the synoptics, Matthew, Mark and Luke, Jesus talks about hell.  Not Isaiah.  Not Moses.  Not John the Baptist, though he did, but Jesus, the Son of God.  The great Beloved One preached about hell because He loved people and did not want to see them go there.  Now, if there is no hell then Jesus preached in vain.  It was our Lord Jesus, not some angry Baptist preacher, that said,  where the worm never dies, and where the fire never goes out.   Jesus said that.  It was Jesus who called hell a  furnace of fire.   It was Jesus that used the word,  condemnation.    And this is the condemnation, that men love darkness rather than light because their deeds are evil.  Jesus said that.    How can we get it across to you that a loving, dying Jesus preached about hell?  Not only that, but He went through hell.  that is what Calgary was all about.  When my Lord was on the cross, darkness fell.  He called hell,  outer darkness.     Do you have this idea that hell is a place where the gamblers are gambling over here, the drunks are getting drunk over there, and the prostitutes are prostituting their bodies over there?  that is not what hell is.  Hell is not a party.  there is no fellowship there.  He called it  outer darkness.    Outer  -away from God.   Darkness  -God is light.    No when He was on the cross, He was made sin for you and for me.  God treated Jesus the way sinners have to be treated.  that is is a sobering thought.  As my son would say, an  awesome  thought.     My God, My God why hast Thou forsaken me?   Hell is isolation.  there is no fellowship in hell.  there is no friendship in hell.  there is no loving embrace in hell.  there is no hand shake in hell.  there is no word of encouragement in hell.     I thirst.   It goes much deeper than physical thirst.  Hell is eternal craving with no satisfaction.  The man whose life was lived for drugs, will crave it eternally.  The man whose life was lived for the lust of a woman is body, will crave it eternally -and not be satisfied.  One theologian has put it this way and I think it deserves merit.  What is hell?  Hell is just the kind of environment that matches the internal condition of the lost.    In a recent post, I was trying to remember the founder of The Word of Life ministries.  i have remembered his name, Jack Wertzen, and found that the illustration that I gave was not his.  His illustration was that he was talking to his barber and his barber is wife and daughter had just recently been saved and he was commenting about it to Jack.   They sing these songs and read Bible verses, and their praising this and that -I cannot stand it!  Jack, do you think God would send me to hell?   Jack answered by saying,  Yes I think he would!   Of course the barber said,  What do you mean by that.    Well if you cannot stand living at home with your wife and daughter who sing hymns and praises to God now, what would you do in heaven where they will do it for eternity?  you had be miserable.  Because God loves you, he had put you where it would match what you really are.    It makes a man think.  The crucifixion of Jesus Christ is a fact that necessitates the eternal existence of hell because on the cross He performed an eternal act.  do not ask me how, I do not know.  But He is God and He is the infinite/eternal and when He died, He died an infinite/eternal death.  It is by that eternal act that He purchased eternal life for the  whosoever wills.   He suffered eternal judgment.    A lot of people would like to detour around hell by saying  Everybody is going to be saved eventually.   -universalism.  My Bible says no, he shall separate them.  The sheep from the goats.   .After you die there is a probationary period in which God prepares you for heaven.   No, my Bible says that  It is appointed unto men once to die and then comes judgment.   Some of the cultist believe in annihilation.  After you die, sssswish.  Just like a mosquito you are squished out.  No, in Rev we are told that their is eternal existence in hell just as there is in heaven.    I do not enjoy making these kind of statements and maybe you do not enjoy listening to them, but we have to preach the entire Word of God.  -There is a place called hell.  If I could give one verse of Scripture that could give any hope that people are not going there, i had give it to you, but I have not found it.  That fact that there is a place called hell, the fact that our God is a God of holiness and must judge sin, the fact that He has made us the kind of creatures we are and therefore we are responsible, the fact that He has placed us in a  uni verse that has purpose and design behind it, the fact that sin is such an awful thing and the fact that God Himself went through hell to save us from hell leads us to two applications.  1)  As i have already mentioned.  If you are a Christian, you must worn others.  Its not good enough to stop and fix their flat tire and not tell them that just around the bend the bridge is out.   Knowing therefore the terror of Lord, we persuade men.   2)  If you have not accepted Jesus are your Savior, you are taking an awful chance.  As I say to the Jehovah Witnesses (who no longer frequent my door), if you are right and I am wrong, then I will have lived a good life and will die and cease to exist, but if I am right and you are wrong, then you will die and suffer eternal damnation.  I do not mean to make fun at this point, but its like Dirty Harry said,  you have got to ask yourself, \'Do I feel lucky?\'  Well do you?    A man is got to know his limitations.   do not be one of the  whosoever wont is.      Because while I was yet a sinner, He died for me.   there is no greater love than this, that a man lay down his life for another.  --Rex   