From: REXLEX@fnal.fnal.gov Subject: Hell_2:  Black Sabbath  [In looking through my files this weekend, I ran across some lyrics from various rock groups that have content.  Here are two from Black Sabbath is  Master of Reality .  i shall say this much for the music of the \'60 is and early \'70 is, at least they asked questions of significance.  Jethro Tull is another to asked and wrote about things that caused one to wonder. --Rex]   AFTER FOREVER  Have you ever thought about your soul--      can it be saved? Or perhaps you think that when you are dead      you just stay in you grave. Is God just a thought within you read in a book      when you were at school? When you think about death       Do you lose your breath      Or do you keep your cool?  Would you like to see the Pope on the end of a rope? Do you think he has a fool? Well I have seen the truth.  Yes I have seen the light      and i have changed my ways. And i shall be prepared       When you are lonely and scared      at the end of your days.  Could it be you are afraid of what your friends might say If they knew you believed in God above? They should realize before they criticise That God is the only way to love.   Is your mind so small that you have to fall In with the pack wherever they run? Will you still sneer when death is near And say they may as well worship the sun?  I think it was true -it was people like you      that crucified Christ. I think it is sad the opinion you had      was the only one voiced. Will you be so sure when your day is near      to say you do not believe? You had the chance but you turned it down      now you cannot retrieve. Perhaps you shall think before you say that God is dead & gone Open your eyes, just realize that He is the one. The only one who can save you now from all this sin and hate. Or will you still jeer at all you hear? Yes!  I think it is too late.   LORD OF THIS WORLD  you are searching for your mind do not know where to start. cannot find the key to fit the lock on your heart. You think you know but you are never quite sure Your soul is ill but you will not find a cure. Your world was made for you by someone above But you choose evil ways instead of love. You made me master of the world where you exist The soul I took from you was not even missed. Lord of the world, Evil Possessor, Lord of this world, he has now your confessor! You think you are innocent -you have nothing to fear You do not know me, you say, but is not it clear? You turned to me in all your worldly     greed and pride. But will you turn to me when it your turn to die? 