From: mls@panix.com (Michael Siemon) Subject: Re: Deuterocanonicals, esp. Sirach  In  mdw33310@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Michael D. Walker) writes:  >\tThat last paragraph just about killed me.  The Deuterocanonicals have >\tALWAYS been accepted as inspired scripture by the Catholic Church, >\twhich has existed much longer than any Protestant Church out there. >\tIt was Martin Luther who began hacking up the bible and deciding to >\tREMOVE certain books--not the fact that the Catholic Church decided >\tto add some much later--that is the reason for the difference between >\t Catholic  and  Protestant  bibles.    This is misleading, at best.  The question, really, has to do with the status of the Greek Septuagint versus Hebrew scripture.  And the issue predates the Reformation by quite a bit -- Jerome was negative about the  deuteroncanonicals  and in fact, even though he transalted them, he put them after the Hebrew canon (reordered from the Greek ordering to the Hebrew one.)  His translations of them were quick-and-dirty, also (he reports having done one of them in one day, and another overnight, just dictating his translation to an amanuensis.  That is to say, it is the Vulgate, and all of its massive importance in Western Christianity, along with the veneration of Jerome, which took the first steps in  reducing  these books from the status they had (and have) among the Greeks.  Furthermore, it is inaccurate to say that the Reformers  threw out  these books.  Basically, they just placed them in a secondary status (as Jerome had already done), but with the additional warning that doctrine should not be based on citations from these ALONE.  I think that the emphasis on the Hebrew originals is sound, though it seems somewhat arbitrary to disallow on the face of it a translation as part of a collection whose principles of selection (in Hebrew or Greek) are confused or unknown and likely fraught with accident.  It also seems to play into a tendentious notion of the original languages being somehow  more inspired  -- as if magical, and conveying a message untranslatable -- than a translation, as if we could not hear God is word to the Jews in Greek (or German, or English, ...).  This tendency seems to have got a big boost in _sola scriptura_ Protestantism, even to the point of current  inerrancy  bizarreness, despite the more basic, underlying tendency of the Reformers to see that the texts SHOULD and COULD be translated.  If we can profit from an English rendering of Hebrew and Greek, there is surely little reason to keep Sirach, at least, out of our Bibles (and of course, Anglicans do not do so :-)).  For texts originally in Greek, it would seem more to be anti-Greek prejudice (notably, by the time the Hebrew canon is fully attested, including anti-Christian prejudice which led to the Jewish abandonment of the Septuagint) which is operative.  BTW: readers may enjoy some lectures of Bruce Metzger on the issues of translation of the Bible (including some of what I said about Jerome, above) in the current numbers of the journal _Bibliotheca Sacra_; two of four have been published so far. --  Michael L. Siemon\t\tI say  You are gods, sons of the mls@panix.com\t\t\tMost High, all of you; nevertheless     - or -\t\t\tyou shall die like men, and fall mls@ulysses.att..com\t\tlike any prince.    Psalm 82:6-7 