From: smayo@world.std.com (Scott A Mayo) Subject: Re: Dreams and out of body incidents  dt4%cs@hub.ucsb.edu (David E. Goggin) writes:  >i am fairly new to these groups, tho\' some have heard from me before. Welcome.  >i had like to get your comments on a question that has been on my mind a >lot:  What morals/ethics apply to dreams and out-of-body incidents? >In normal dreams, you cannot control anything, so obviously >you are not morally responsible for your actions.  Hm. I get a little queasy around the phrase  are not morally  responsible , perhaps because i have heard it misused so many times. (I remember in college some folk trying to argue that a person who was drunk was not morally responsible for his actions.) In general, most folk cannot control their dreams, but perhaps what you do all day and think about has some impact on them, hm? And i am not sure what  actions  are in a dream. But I will note that Jesus does seem adamant about the fact that our thought-life is at least as important as our actions. Go lightly with this argument - we are all morally responsible for *who we are* and dreams might well be an important part of that.  >Now, there seem to be 3 alternatives: >1) Dreams and OOBEs are totally mental phenomena.  In this case no morality >applies beyond what might be called \'mental hygiene\', that is, not trying >to think about anything evil, or indulgining in overly sexy or violent >thoughts. I do not know a thing about Out Of Body Experiences. i have had dreams, some fairly vivid ones; is an OOBE just a very vivid dream? I would argue that extreme interest in this sort of phenomena is a tad risky; it is probably much better to think about who Jesus is, and who we are in relation to that, than to cultivate a strong interest in dreams. Unless you feel plagued by dreams that are painful and out of control; then pray about it and/or get help.  >2) Dreams and OOBEs have a reality of their own (i.e. are \'another plane\') >Evidence for this is that often dreams and OOBEs are sometimes done in >common by more than one person. What on Earth is your definition of  often ? I know exactly one case of two people who had substantially the same dream at the same time, and as they were brothers who had spent the day doing the same things I could see why their dreams might be similiar. Anyway, the only  other plane  I know of is the spiritual realm. I do not think *anyone is* dreams, perhaps outside the occasional prophet is, represent actual actions on an alternate plane. If they were real actions, or conscious thoughts, then yes they would have direct moral significance.  >3) Like (2), but here we assume that [garbled text:  because the dream occurs in a different environment, then different moral laws apply  is my guess of what you said.] I do not see the slightest hint in Christian writings that ones  environment  changes the way a person determines what is moral. For a Christian will not it *always* come down to  what Jesus would have us do?   >So... There it is.  Is one of these cases the truth, or does anyone know >of another alternative?  respond by post or email. Truth? I do not claim to be an expert in dreams. i shall note that the Bible does not talk much about dreams outside of the realm of God using them to speak to us, with the caveat that such messages are not always very clear, as it warns somewhere in the OT. Given that, I would not give them a lot of attention unless you feel your dreams are trying to tell you something.  I would discount talk of  alternate planes,  though. The only places such concepts are commonly bandied about are for the most part hostile to Christianity, though i have run into the occasional exception. If you are, or want to be, a Christian, you want to be very careful about ideas like this.  