From: muirm@argon.gas.organpipe.uug.arizona.edu (maxwell c muir) Subject: Re: Why do people become atheists?  In article  Fil.Sapienza@med.umich.edu (Fil Sapienza) writes: >In article  maxwell c muir, >muirm@argon.gas.organpipe.uug.arizona.edu writes: >>of Faith (if you want to know, I feel that faith is intellectually >>dishonest).  > >i had appreciate some support for this statement.  i am not sure >it really makes sense to me.  I define faith as  belief, in the abscense(sp?) of evidence . I also include in  evidence  past experiences. Because I have no past experience in a god actually having an effect on my life and because I have never seen evidence for any god beyond what can be explained without the neccessity of a god or which is more convincing than the many fictional works I have read (And other reasons), I do not believe in any god(s). From what I have seen, some people reconcile this lack of evidence by using faith. It is faith in that sense (the only way I _currently_ understand the word  faith ) that I find intellectually dishonest.  >>The ambiguity of religious beliefs, an unwillingness to take >>Pascal is Wager,  > >i have heard this frequently - what exactly is Pascal is wager?  Pascal is wager goes something like this: Premise   Either there is or there is not a God. Premise   If God exists, He wants us to believe and will damn us for not believing. Premise   If God does not exist, then belief in God does not matter because death is death, anyway. Conclusion: Belief in God is superior to non-belief because non-belief damns us to eternal punishment if we are wrong, while belief in God only wastes a little time in life if we are wrong.  Sound pretty straightforward and is logically sound. The problem is, Premise   presupposes 1:1 odds between belief and non-belief. This is flat out wrong, because of the sheer number of religions out there and the fact that, for the most part, the religions are mutually exclusive. I have heard theists referred to as  99% atheists  because they believe in their god (or gods) to be the _one_ god (or set of gods). The consequence of this is  what if I pick the wrong god?  Suddenly, the odds do not look so good because picking the wrong god or wrong doctrines of a god still leaves you with the possibility of being wrong and being damned to another god is version of hell.  >>\tDo I sound  broken  to you? > >I do not know.  You point out that your mother is treatment upset you, >and see inconsistencies in various religions.  i am not sure if that >constitutes broken-ness or not.   It certainly consititutes  >disillusionment.  I do not see how  disillusionment  enters into it. You see, I presented my mother is treatment of me to show the cause of my questioning my atheism, a questioning which continues to this day. I had already been an atheist for five years before having any contact with my mother is version of Christianity. If anything, I had become somewhat disillusioned with atheism (uh, oh, I thought, What if there *is* a God?). Yes, in a way, I have also become disillusioned by many religions, simply because I had thought at one time that they had all the answers, if I only found the right one. i am still looking, but each time I look in a different place, I become a little stronger in my attitude (belief, if you will, no faith, though, it is based on the evidence of past experience) that i shall never find a religion which has all the answers. Sorta like looking for Easter eggs. The more time it takes you to find the next one, the more convinced you become that you may already have found all the eggs you are going to find. Someone else mentioned that critisism is not going to make me think any more highly of Christians. I have a contrary position: Constructive critisism will likely improve my attitude towards Christians. Abusive critisism will turn me off. No accusations to you, Mr. Sapienza. I merely slipped that into this post because I forgot to reply to that one.  >Filipp Sapienza >Department of Technology Services >University of Michigan Hospitals - Surgery >Fil.Sapienza@med.umich.edu  Muppets and Garlic Toast forever.  Max (Bob) Muir  PS i am leaving for home on Thursday at 1:30, so this is likely my last post here for the summer! In the meantime, thank you all for helping me see a few more things I might have missed in my meanderings through the world! 