From: dike@scic.intel.com (Charles Dike) Subject: Re: Mormon Temples   \tFrom: dhammers@pacific.? (David Hammerslag)  \tHow do you (Mormons) reconcile the idea of eternal marriage with  \tChrist is statement that in the resurrection people will neither  \tmarry nor be given in marriage (Luke, chapt. 20)?  Footnotes in some bibles reference this verse to the Book of Tobit. Tobit is in the Septuagint. Goodspeed published it in a book called   The Apocrypha . Most any bookstore will have this. At any rate, the Jews  of Christ is day had this book. It is a story mostly centered around the son of Tobit who was named Tobias. There was a young lady, Sarah, who had  entered the bridal chamber with seven brothers in succession. The brothers  all died in the chamber before consumating the marriage.  Tobias was entitled to have Sarah for his wife (3:17) because Tobias was her only relative and  ...she was destined for [Tobias] from the beginning  (6:17).  Tobias took her to wife and was able to consumate the marriage. The  seven husbands would not have her as a partner in heaven. That does not  eliminate Tobias, her eighth husband. Tobit is a fun and interesting  story to read. it is kind of a mythical romance. it is a little shorter  than Esther.  The LDS also have scriptures that parallel and amplify Luke 20. Most  notably Doctrines and Covenants 132:15-16.  \t Therefore, if a man marry him a wife in the world, and he marry  \ther not by me nor by my word, and he covenant with her so long as \the is in the world and she with him, their covenant and marriage \tare not of force when they are dead, and when they are out of  \tthe world; therefore, they are not bound by any law when they  \tare out of the world.  \t Therefore, when they are out of the world they neither marry nor  \tare given in marriage; but are appointed angels in heaven, which \tangels are ministering servants, to minister for those who are  \tworthy of a far more, and an exceeding, and an eternal weight of  \tglory.     Cordially, Charles Dike 