From: hardy@esdd460a.erim.org (Russ Hardy) Subject: Mary and Idols    I have been studying the Bible now for about a year.  I love it, but I am not very familiar with the different denominations, or traditions, or common beliefs of various christian groups. I have heard various people (outside this news group) describe *idols* such as power, money, material  possessions etc.  These things are worshiped in some sense I  suppose, but I never really gave idols much thought.  Until now...    I have been reading the postings in this news group (which I  just found a few days ago), and I have a question...  First, i am not trying to question anyone is belief or try to push my views on anyone else (I have not been at this long enough to have any views other than I cannot get to heaven by being good, I must understand that Christ bore my sins on the cross so that I could be saved and I need to repent, i.e. realize that every time I sin, I might as well stick a sharp stick in Christ is side because He took the punishment for my sins, when He died on the cross).  In my studies, Mary never really comes up.  I know who she is,  but that is about it.  It seems to me that a statue of Mary  could be considered an idol?  Do people pray to statues of Mary?  It sounds like educated christians (more educated than myself i am sure) believe Mary was sinless?  Wow...  I hoped to spend the summer convincing myself (one way or the other) about Tongues (i am reading  Charismatic Chaos ).  I guess i shall study Tongues in parallel with reading this news group.  Any help you can  give me will be appreciated.      -------------------------------------------  [I do not think the issue is so much that people are more educated than you (though it may well be that they are), as that they come from a different tradition than yours.  This is a discussion between Catholics and Protestants.  Catholics generally believe that Mary was sinless.  Protestants do not.  The issue comes down to different sources of authority.  Protestants generally limit themselves to the Bible as a source of doctrine. Since this is not in the Bible (except in passages that no one would understand in this way if they did not already believe it), Protestants do not accept it.  Catholics see continuing revelation through the Church, though they believe the results are consistent with the Bible.  I interpret your posting, not as a call for yet another argument about whether the Catholic Marian devotions are idolatry (an argument I am not prepared to see newed here), but as a sign of being interested in learning about traditions other than your own.  Catholics are of course a major one, but by no means the only one.  I generally consider the major traditions to be Catholic, Orthodox, and various subsets of Protestantism.  Within Protestantism, it is a matter of how finely you want to cut things.  These days I think the major division is between those who accept Biblical inerrancy and those who do not.  There are also a number of major historical traditions, but in recent decades distinctions are tending to blur.  i had  identify the major Protestant traditions as:    Lutheran, Reformed, Anglican (they are sort of halfway between   Catholic and Protestant), Wesleyan, Baptist, Holiness, Pentecostal,   Church of Christ  But there are a number of others.  Historical distinctions tend not to be so important among the liberal churches anymore, and I think current trends in society and the Church are also tending to make conservatives seen themselves as allies from a general  evangelical  perspective.  But differences among these various traditions are still quite marked.  I think the best introduction to these issues is to read a good book on church history.  Anyone who wants to understand the church really needs to understand how we got where we are now.  A church history will normally show you where each of these traditions came from, and give a feeling for their nature.  Unfortunately i am away from my library at the moment, so I do not have anything specific to recommend.  --clh] 