From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) Subject: Re: the usual  arc@cco.caltech.edu (Aaron Ray Clements) writes:  >Yes, I am pro-gun, and yes, I do disagree with this statement. >Nuclear weapons in and of themselves are dangerous.  Radioactive >decay of plutonium and uranium, as well as the tritium in the >weapon, tends to be somewhat dangerous to living things. >(Can you say  neutron flux ?)  \tCan you say,  I get more background radiation from living in Denver or having an office in a limestone building than I do standing next to a power reactor at full power or standing next to a nuclear warhead that is armed?   Look up  shielding  in your dictionary.  You do not need six feet of lead to make decent shielding; your dead skin cell layer does an excellent job on alpha particles, and neutrons are slowed by mere *water*.  What do you think 75% of you is?  >  Plus these things have no self- >defense purposes.  it is kinda hard to justify their use as >a militia weapon when at best they are meant for battlefield use >(low-yield weapons) or at worst for industrial target obliteration >(translation:  cities and population centers).  \tIf the militia has as its job the overthrow of an illegal government, they are indeed useful weapons to the militia.  They will not be too useful in certain areas, but leveling the Pentagon would be a  good thing  for said overthrow and it is likely one man carrying a backpack would stand a better chance than one thousand armed with Colt Peacemakers.  do not let self-defense become the only reason you can have a gun and your sole means of justification. Myself, I will not overthrow my government until it ceases to be my legal government, but if I need to I want every weapon I can get.  \tOne can just as easily say no rifle larger than a .22 is needed to kill a human being.  They are right.  When that human being is wearing armor and riding in an APC, things get a bit different.  I do not see where the weapon is a problem.  it is not. Only the manner of use is in contention here.  >  Not to mention that >for it to be used as a militia weapon and expect the user to live >requires some sort of launch vehicle . . .  \tI guess you either do not have an alarm clock or have never heard the terms  timer  or  martyr  either.  do not forget remote detonation devices.  That CB radio in the pickup next to you can easily transmit ten miles in decent weather.  that is out of the blast radius of many portable nuclear devices.  \tJust what is it about radioactive decay that has you worried?      