From: jmd@cube.handheld.com (Jim De Arras) Subject: Re: ATF BURNS DIVIDIAN RANCH! NO SURVIVORS!!!  In article  dduff@col.hp.com (Dave Duff)   writes: > NUT CASE PANICS!!!!JUMPS THE GUN ON THE NET BEFORE GETTING FACTS STRAIGHT!!!!  I really do not understand all this!  I watched on satellite network feeds as   perhaps 90 people died before my eyes, while the two Huey is fanned the flames,   and the FBI stopped the firetrucks at the gate.   Something was VERY wrong with that scene.  Perhaps if i had watched RAMBO movies, I might have been dulled to the pain of   fellow humans dying.  Thank GOD I still feel.  i am very sorry for you who do not.  For you who think   they got what they deserved.  Can you really believe that?  Even if Koresh was   the sadistic mad man they said he was, did the others deserve his fate?   If,   in fact, he was mad, was not that even more reason to believe he duped his   followers, and therefore they were innocent, brainwashed, victims?  Is there   any scenaro that justifies all that death?  And if not, it is clear that the deaths would not have occured if the BATF has   not FUCKED UP initially, and now the FBI got impaitent and pushed Korech over   the edge.  And that is if you buy the latest version of the  story  hook, line, and sinker.    I have believed all along that they could not let them live, the embarrassment   to the BATF and the FBI would have been too severe.  Remember, this was a suspicion of tax-evasion warrant.  There were no   witnesses, except the FBI.  All information filtered through the FBI.  All they   had to do was allow one remote controlled pool camera be installed near the   building, and the press could have done their job, and would have been able to back   the FBI is story with close up video, while incurring no risk to the press.    Unless they did not want the public to see something.  The complete lack of any   other source of information other than the FBI really causes me concern.    Sick to my stomach, and getting sicker from all the Government apologists -- jmd@handheld.com -------------------------------------------------------------------------------  i am always rethinking that.  there is never been a day when I have not rethought   that.  But I cannot do that by myself.   Bill Clinton  6 April 93  If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed   in my country, I never would lay down my arms,-never--never--never!  WILLIAM PITT, EARL OF CHATHAM 1708-1778 18 Nov. 1777 