From: mike nx03.mik.uky.edu (Mike Mattone) Subject: LCD VGA display  Please help.  I have an IBM-compatible notebook computer with an LCD VGA screen.  While I was working with it this morning, the screen started to flicker a little, which I thought was odd since I do use a surge-protector for my computer and all peripherals.  It only did this for a second and then stopped.  I left the room for several minutes and, when I returned, the screen was completely dim, not blank, but very very dim.  The contrast slider still worked so that I could adjust it to where I could *faintly* make out what was on the screen but the brightness slider had absolutely *no* effect.  I was plugged-in at the time (i.e., not using the battery) but I still tried switching the battery, changing the power-saver features, etc., etc., all to no avail.  Has anyone else experienced anything like this?  If this just means that I need to replace the screen then I guess i shall have to but I thought that the  death  of my LCD screen would be a little less dramatic when it eventually happened.  I did not want to take it in to be repaired before I asked on the net about this because I already know what they will say:  Yep, you gotta have this replaced and it is gonna cost you $???.   i have only had the computer for about 21 months.  Is that a reasonable life cycle for a LCD display?  Oh, I guess I ought to give specifics here: the brand is Compudyne (Is this a reputable company?), it is a 386SX   20 MHz. I forget the model number exactly and I was too ticked off to write it down before coming in to work today.  If anyone can help me, PLEASE give me any advice you might have.  i am not opposed to having it replaced, but i had rather not if it is not absolutely necessary.  If you would not mind, please e-mail me at mike mik.uky.edu but if you had rather post i shall be checking back here in a couple of days.  BTW, if the answer to this question is already in a FAQ somewhere, feel free to flame away but I would ask that you also include the location and name of the FAQ if you do not mind.  Thanks in advance for any help...  -Mike Mattone (mike mik.uky.edu)   