From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) Subject: Re: Blast them next time  oldham@ces.cwru.edu (Daniel Oldham) writes:  >What happened in Waco is not the fault of the BATF. If they would of >had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the >compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.  \tSeAL Team six should have handled it?  Delta Force?  The BATF had more than enough equipment and men.  They did not have good intel, but they did have poor planning.  They fucked up.  Even in just the most basic military sense, they fucked up.  Excuses do not justify body counts.  >The BATF needs more people, better weapons and more armored >transports. When they meet hostile fire they should be able to use >more force instead of retreating to a stand off. If you are going to >do a job then do it right. The BATF is there to protect us and they >must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.  \tAnd your excuses fall upon deaf ears when the same BATF has shown shitty leadership despite more people, better weapons, and exclusive use of armor against their targets.  BATF is nothing more than a private army of the government.  Do the agents swear an oath, as I did, to uphold the Constitution?  You know, that document that stipulates the highest law of the land?  If they do, they should be up for charges in a court of law.  Remember, the law?  that is the whole reason for any of this.  >With the WoD and the increased crime in the streets the BATF is needed >more now then ever. If they blast away a few good fokes then that is >the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. Look >at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country >of ours.  \tYeah, i have been related to many of them.  This is flame-bait, right?  i am not paying your price.  Mind if I sight in my guns on your body?  Think of it as the price you have to pay that we may all live without fear of my making a stray shot.  it is fine and dandy to revel in the other guy being the target and your supposed safety.  In the military, we called this  chicken shit.   Leadership from the rear. The War on Drugs, despite being a catchy term for nothing more than a continuation of policy since before this century, seems to have gotten you convinced that my rights are not worth your good vibes. Mind if I cut your net access, as well as access to any and all forms of expression?  See, you make me nervous, what with you being able to influence so many.  i am sure you can see how this is the price we have to pay for freedom and liberty in this country, as well as a fair and unbiased judiciary.  >With the arms build up in Waco they needed to hit that compound with >mega fire power. They could of gone in there blasting and killed a few >women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn >to death 51 days later.  \tMind if we include you in the body count?  i am sure we could all file it under  civic improvement  and your life would not have been sacrificed in vain.  If you like, you can will your estate to defecit reduction, too.  Now, when you learn how the law protects, or does not protect, everybody equally and how our collective boot may one day be on your collective throat, perhaps at that time you will mature enough to realize just what you are talking about and how serious this is.  \tNext time, include a smiley.  While I hesitate to think that you could have meant this seriously, it deserved a small flame anyway.      