From:  Subject:    Catholic Right & Pat Robertson  The Roman Catholic conservatives are coming out in the open to line up with Pat Robertson and his ultra Right Wing Christian Coalition. Former Secretary of Education William Bennet, a Roman Catholic, stood beside the Christian Coalition is spokesman Ralph Reed at a March 3 conference in Washington.  The purpose of the conference was to publish results of a Christian Coalition poll which was designed to prove that the Republican party would lose major support if it backed away from the  Family Values  positons of the \'92 convention.  Conservative Catholics have swung behind Robertson is organization with political expertise, legal assistance and high tech communications support.  The Catholic Campaign for  American, designed as a Catholic version of the Moral Majority, was founded by Marlene Elwell and Tom Wykes. Ms. Elwell has been with Robertson since the days of his Freedom Council in 1985 and worked for him in his presidential bid in 1988.  Ms. Elwell was hired by Domino is Pizza magnate, Tom Monaghan, in 1989 to manage Legatus, a  nonpolitical , Catholic businessmen is group. Membership is limited to Catholics who head corporations with a least $4 million in annual revenues.  Relying on a network of wealthy contacts at Legatus, Elwell and Wykes had little trouble forming and funding the Catholic Campaign.  The Campaign is list of national committee members includes U.S. Rep. Robert K. Dornan, Phyllis Schlafly of the Eagle Forum, the lovely Pat Buchanan and Rev. Richard J. Neuhaus.   Also on the national committee is Keith Fournier, a Catholic who heads Pat Robertson is American Center for Law and Justice.  Another Catholic, Thomas Patrick Monaghan, senior counsel of Robertson is ACLJ, is also an active supporter of the Catholic Campaign.  The board of directors includes Frank Shakespeare, broadcasting exec and former U.S. ambassador to the Pope, Wall Street executive Frank Lynch, former Reagan official Richard V. Allen, Bishop Rene Gracida of Corpus Christi and Mary Ellen Bork, wife of unsuccessful Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork.  In the Winter 1992 issue of _Campaign Update_ the organization is quarterly newsletter, Rocco L. Martino, a Philadelphia business executive wrote:  Separation of church and state is a false premise that must finally be cast aside and replaced by the true meaning of our constitution.   Oh yes, the organization is  national ecclesisatical advisor  is Catholic politician Cardinal John J. O\'Connor of New York.  Jack Carroll 