From: joslin@pogo.isp.pitt.edu (David Joslin) Subject: Apology to Jim Meritt (Was: Silence is concurance)  m23364@mwunix.mitre.org (James Meritt) writes: >}So stop dodging the question.  What is hypocritical about my >}criticizing bad arguments, given that I do this both when I agree >}with the conclusion and when I disagree with the conclusion?   > >You are the one who has claimed to possess the fruits of precognition, >telepathy, and telempathy.  Divine it yourself.  Another dodge.  Oh well.  i am no match for your amazing repertoire of red herrings and smoke screens.    You asked for an apology.  i am not going to apologize for pointing out that your straw-man argument was a straw-man argument.  Nor for saying that your list of  bible contradictions  shows such low standards of scholarship that it should be an embarrassment to anti-inerrantists, just as Josh McDowell should be an embarrassment to the fundies.  Nor for objecting various times to your taking quotes out of context.  Nor for pointing out that  they do it too  is not an excuse. Nor for calling your red herrings and smoke screens what they are.  i am still not sure why you think i am a hypocrite.  it is true that I have not responded to any of Robert Weiss\' articles, which may be due in part to the fact that I almost never read his articles.  But I have responded to both you and Frank DeCenso (a fundie/inerrantist.)  Both you and Frank have taken quotes out of context, and i have objected to both of you doing so.  i have criticized bad arguments both when they were yours and I agreed with the conclusion (that the Bible is not inerrant), and when they were Frank is and I disagreed with the conclusion.  i have criticized both you and Frank for evading questions, and for trying to  explain me away  without addressing the objections I raise (you by accusing me of being hypocritical and irrational, Frank by accusing me of being motivated by a desire to attack the Bible.) I do not see that any of this is hypocritical, nor do I apologize for it.  I do apologize, however, for having offended you in any other way.  Happy now?  dj 