From: kudla@acm.rpi.edu (Robert Kudla) Subject: Re: Can I Change  Licensed To  Data in Windows 3.1?  In  2a42dubinski@vms.csd.mu.edu writes: >\tahh, yes, this is a fun topic.  No, once the name is incribed on the >disk, that is it, it is encoded.  Not even a HEX editor will find it.  You can  But a disk compare utility (old versus new) will.  And Windows 3.1 is also flexible enough at install time that you can copy all the files onto your hard disk, which greatly speeds things up and makes them less annoying, if you can spare the 7 or so compressed megs.  >write over the  Licensed to: , but you cannot change the name underneth it.  I >think if you wish to change this you would have to be a pirate, and we are not >going to promote that here.  No, we are not.  But we are also not going to promote pandering to corporate paranoia when the real issue is convenience.  I do not *like* dealing with floppies.  Personally, I have no use for changing the registration info, but I see it as a valid need, and one that ought to be solved using a quick little utility rather than a half-hour reinstall that is just about guaranteed to mess up your settings in one way or another.  So, while i am not going to put much time into it myself, here is the procedure for getting on your way to finding the encoded information:  1.  Copy all your Windows disks into the directory from which you want to install it.  i have been using c: WINSTALL myself.  2.  From there, copy that directory to something like c: WINORIG.  3.  Install from c: winstall.  4.  comp the two directories to determine changes.       i.e., comp *.*  winorig *.* > report.txt  5.  Look in the report file for the file(s) that change.  Assuming they did not cover themselves covering their own tracks, at least one file should have a difference noted at a particular offset.  Locate said offset in the original directory and see what is there using a hex editor, and do the same for the modified one.  6.  you are on your own as far as breaking the code goes; I do not really do cryptography.  it is probably just an xor key or something; I think MS is more concerned with Joe Schmoe at the office personalizing his copy than with  real pirates  who will probably just disassemble the damned thing anyway.  This technique should work with just about any obnoxious corporate product that tries to write to the original floppies when you install; in some extreme cases you may not be able to back the floppies up to hard disk, and will be stuck doing a compare on floppies (Lotus stuff is probably like that).  As I noted before, if you can afford the space on the hard disk, and do not do much in the way of customization, reinstalling from one directory to another may be less arduous.  Doing some of the stuff i have mentioned here may well void your license with Microsoft, as if they would ever find out.  If you are not careful with the disk editor, you could also mung something important... duh.  I guess that is a disclaimer.  Have at it....  Rob -- Rob kudla@acm.rpi.edu Keywords - Oldfield Jane is Leather Yes Win3.1 Phish light blue right Bondage r.e.m. DTP Steely Dan DS9 FNM OWL Genesis In the spaceship, the silver spaceship, the lion takes control.....  