From: f2ehg786@umiami.ir.miami.edu Subject: Disappointed by La Cie  Approximately four months ago, I purchased a Quantum 240LPS HD from La Cie for $649. After two months, the drive started having problems. First, there were intermittent freezes, then corrupted files and resources, then Silverlining 5.41 would not even recognize the drive. So I got an RMA from La Cie and exchanged the new drive for a reconditioned one.  Well, about a month has passed now and the second drive is having problems. Often, when I boot up my IIsi I get the flashing question mark. Sometimes, if I then insert the Silverlining (5.42) program I can get it to recognize the drive by making it scan over and over for drives. At that point I can restart the IIsi and boot from the HD. i have called La Cie again and they have given me another RMA. Their tech support people tell me that if Silverlining does not see the drive there is a definite hardware problem.  Given that this is the second bad drive in four months, I asked La Cie to send me a *new* one, but they said  no.  Also, within three weeks after I purchased my original drive, La Cie dropped the price on it by over $100.  I can accept that a drive (or two) may be bad. And I know that hardware vendors make a practice of sending reconditioned replacements when they do repairs. And I understand that the nature of the computer industry lends itself to sudden price fluctuations. Nevertheless, taken together, the convergence of these facts/events have left a bad taste in my mouth. (I should have added above that when I asked La Cie to transfer the contents of my current drive to the one they will send_I think the data is still in good shape and i shall have to again reinstall everything from floppies_they said it would cost me $250 for data recovery.)  It seems to me that reconditioned hardware should be sold as reconditioned at a discounted price, and that replacements for new hardware gone bad (still covered under a 90-day warranty) should be new.   I feel a little helpless about all this. I do not mean to necessarily flame La Cie_their support staff have always been friendly and sometimes even helpful. But c\'mon. Sometimes a little extra customer service goes a long way. (I sent a letter to La Cie is customer service when the first drive was returned and I asked them for a credit on the price difference since I had purchased the drive three weeks before they slashed the price. I told them I would like to apply the credit toward the purchase of another La Cie product. They did not even  have the courtesy to reply one way or the other.)  what is the moral of this story? i am not sure. But I do know I will not buy any other products from La Cie in the future.  Bill Krauthammer f2ehg786@umiami.ir.miami.edu  PS Please do not email or post about how good your La Cie product and service has been. i am not suggesting that they are not a good company or anything like that. All i am saying is that i have had a disappointing experience with them and i shall be taking my business elsewhere in the future.  