From: fredm@media.mit.edu (Fred G Martin) Subject: Re: Put ex. syquest in Centris 610?  i have just installed a 5.25  tape backup in my C610; lot of the issues are the same.  So, to answer your questions...  In article  kmoffatt@cstp.umkc.edu writes:  > My PLI 80M syquest drive has a wire from the > drive to an id# switch on the outside of the case.  Where do I connect > this switch??  Can the computer just  tell  with internal drives?  You probably want to hard-wire the SCSI ID with shorting jumpers.  Put it at a convenient number like  1 .  You *could* cut a hole in the back of the machine to route the ID switch, but why go through the hassle?  You probably will not be needing to frequently change the ID of your internal drive.  >\tI noticed that the drive will lay over part of the motherboard (I >did not look closely, but I seem to recall it laying over the ram that is >soldered onto the motherboard?  Would that cause problems?  Yeah, when I first installed the tape drive I was a little concerned too.  But it is no problem, the device is designed to fit just fine with the overhang.  It should not reach back beyond the ROM/RAM/VRAM SIMMs, though.  >\tOne last question!  Is there anywhere to order a faceplate cover?   >the drive is front panel is smaller than the space left in the case (the >drive is panel is the same size as the spotsBM clone is cases).  Should I just >cut a hole in the plastic panel that is currently holding tmpty place?  You can special-order parts to mount the device from your local Apple dealer.  The relevant parts are:    922-0358  blank bezel faceplate   922-0850  CD-ROM carrier [i.e., generic 5.25  device mounting bracket]  Note Apple is unfortunate choice of name for the slide-in bracket to mount a 5.25  device.  The service techs I talked to said,  Oh sure, we stock those.   Of course they were thinking of the CD caddies to hold a CD disk when you stick it in the drive.  As far as I can tell, Apple does not sell a bezel faceplate already cut out for a standard 5.25  device.  (Why not?  They advertise these machines as being able to accept any standard device in the 5.25  bay, why not provide the faceplate?)   They do sell a cutout for their CD-ROM drive (of course), but that is of no use.  i am going to hack up the extra bezel I ordered to make a cutout for my tape drive, which is a standard 5.25  device.  Good luck with your SyQuest.  \t-Fred   