From: michal+@cs.cmu.edu (Michal Prussak) Subject:  Illegal  tint windows  I know it is a long shot, but maybe someone went through this and will have some comments to share.  The story is this: I bought a car out of state, and i am trying to get the safety inspection in Pennsylvania. The problem is that the car has  aftermarket tint on all windows except the windshield. The tint is rather weak, and you can clearly see the inside of the car through the tint.  The inspection garage said that they will not pass it unless I get a waiver from the state police. So I went to the state police - the officer told me that aftermarket tint is illegal, and I can get a waiver only for a pre-84 car or for a medical reason. I asked him to show me the section of the vehicle code that says it is illegal.  He showed it to me and the paraghaph said that you cannot have tint, if you cannot see the inside of the car because of the tint. When I told him that you can in fact see the inside very well, he shut the book and said  it is just illegal, and in fact we can have someone give you a ticket for it right now.  Well, will not argue with that...  Since the vehicle code says it is OK as long as you can see through the tint, i had like to keep it (i shall re-read the vehicle code in the library).  i had also like to get some sort of paper from the police that says it is OK, so I can get the inspection, and so that I will not get in trouble for the tint later on. I also would not mind registering a complaint against that officer - he really pissed me off.  So does anyone have any experience getting that sort of a paper from the police, especially in Pennsylvania? Does anyone have any experience registering a complaint against an officer? I called the station  later on today, but they basically said there is no place where I could register a complaint against an officer... And if I do decide to keep the tint and get a ticket anyway, how much of a chance do I stand to succesfully appeal the ticket in court?  Any comments about it will be welcome!  Michal  