From: jimf@centerline.com (Jim Frost) Subject: Re: Too fast  wrat@unisql.UUCP (wharfie) writes: >>Compare either to the Porsche 911 and you tell me which was designed  >\tOh, right.  Only 120,000 dollar cars should be driven fast. >They drive goddamn Rabbits at 120 MPH in Europe, pal, and I reckon >a Taurus is at least as capable as a Rabbit.  My whole point was not to say that the cars *could not* go that fast, but that they *should not* go that fast.  A family sedan designed to be operable at 85mph does not suddenly become operable at 130mph because you added some plastic aero effects, slightly wider tires, and a much larger engine.  that is what the SHO is -- a slightly modified family sedan with a powerful engine.  They did not even bother improving the *brakes.*  The Mustang is essentially the same deal as the SHO -- a big power plant stuck in a mid-size sedan, with almost no other modifications. I have real-life experience with the Mustang -- it handles like a brick (except when you are invoking oversteer, of course, something I personally avoid doing on the highway) and stopping power is inadequate even from 80mph.  Lots of accelleration -- but the rest of the car is not up to par.  I picked the Porsche example because they are designed with speed in mind.  It did not have to be the 911 -- it could have been the much cheaper 944 or one of several Mercedes or Audi models.  All of these cars are fairly expensive -- but so are the parts that make them drivable at high speed.  This should be elementary.  There are a few things to keep in mind about Europe, since you brought it up.  My Autobahn knowledge is admittedly second-hand, but I believe the following to be true:  1. Drivers are much better disciplined in Europe than they are here. 2. The roads comprising the Autobahn are much better designed than    they are here, and usually include animal fences.  This makes them    far more predictable than most US highways. 3. Not all of Europe is the Autobahn.  Most places in Europe have    speed limits that are not out-of-line with what we used to have in    the US -- if my friends were not lying to me they are typically not    much higher than 120km/h.  I strongly suspect you will not find a lot of Rabbit owners doing 120mph (nearly 200km/h) on the Autobahn, but I could be wrong.  Some people have no respect for their own lives.  >>You certainly have not convinced me.  >\tOf course not.   Speeding-is-bad.  Speeding-is-illegal.  >I-will-not-speed.  I-love-Big-Brother.   You had your mind made up >already.  If you think so you sure do not pay attention to my postings.  jim frost jimf@centerline.com 