From: dmatejka@netcom.com (Daniel Matejka) Subject: Re: Speeding ticket from CHP  In article  downey@homer.CS.Berkeley.EDU (Allen B. Downey) writes: >       Fight your ticket : California edition by David Brown 1st ed. >       Berkeley, CA : Nolo Press, 1982 > >The second edition is out (but not in UCB is library).  Good luck; let >us know how it goes. >   Daniel Matejka writes:   The fourth edition is out, too.  But it is probably also not very high on UCB is  gotta have that  list.  In article  0005111312@mcimail.com (Peter Nesbitt) writes: >Riding to work last week via Hwy 12 from Suisun, to I-80, I was pulled over by >a CHP black and white by the 76 Gas station by Jameson Canyon Road.  The >officer stated  ...it  like you were going kinda fast coming down >highway 12.  You  been going at least 70 or 75.   I just said okay, >and did not agree or disagree to anything he said.     Can you beat this ticket?  Personally, I think it is your Duty As a Citizen to make it as much trouble as possible for them, so maybe they will Give Up and Leave Us Alone Someday Soon.   The cop was certainly within his legal rights to nail you by guessing your speed.  Mr. Brown (the author of Fight Your Ticket) mentions an Oakland judge who convicted a speeder  on the officer is testimony that the driver is car sounded like it was being driven at an excessive speed.    You can pay off the State and your insurance company, or you can take it to court and be creative.  Personally, i have never won that way or seen anyone win, but the judge always listens politely.  And I have not seen _that_ many attempts.   You could try the argument that since bikes are shorter than the cars whose speed the nice officer is accustomed to guessing, they therefore appear to be further away, and so their speed appears to be greater than it actually is.  I left out a step or two, but you get the idea.  If you can make it convincing, theoretically you are supposed to win.   i have never tried proving the cop was mistaken.  I did get to see some other poor biker try it.  He was mixing up various facts like the maximum acceleration of a (cop) car, and the distance at which the cop had been pacing him, and end up demonstrating that he could not possibly have been going as fast as the cop had suggested.  he had brought diagrams and a calculator.  He was Prepared.  He lost.  Keep in mind cops do this all the time, and their word is better than yours. Maybe, though, they do not guess how fast bikes are going all the time. Besides, this guy did not speak English very well, and ended up absolutely confounding the judge, the cop, and everyone else in the room who had been recently criminalized by some twit with a gun and a quota.   Ahem.  OK, i am better now.  Maybe he had have won had his presentation been more polished.  Maybe not.  He did get applause. 