From: bgardner pebbles.es.com (Blaine Gardner) Subject: Re: Maxima Chain wax (and mail-order)  In article  cookson mbunix.mitre.org (Cookson) writes: >In article  parr acs.ucalgary.ca (Charles Parr) writes:  >>I bought it, I tried it: >>It is, truly, the miracle spooge. >>My chain is lubed, my wheel is clean, after 1000km.  >i had try it on the VFR, but goddamn Competition Accessories has not mailed my >order yet.  Hell, it is only been two weeks and I was ordering some pretty >bizzare stuff.  Like a clear RF-200 face sheild, and a can of Chain Wax... >Bastards.  For what it is worth, I got my can in three days from Chaparral. that is UPS ground from CA to UT, YMMV. The stuff seems to work, and it does not attract grundge like PJ-1 Blue does. I gave it the acid test, a full day is worth of breaking in the Quadracer is new paddle tires down at the sand dunes. If there is anything wet & stickey it will be coated with sand at the end of the day, but the chain looked pretty clean.  As far as mail-order goes, if Chaparral has it in stock (and they can tell you if it is in stock, or about how long it will take to back-order it if it is not), I usually get it in three days. Competition Accessories always seems to take a week or two to deliver. Motorcycle Accessory Warehouse also takes a week or two, and after trying to buy some boots from them last week, I do not think they actually stock anything. MAW was about $30 cheaper than Chaparral on Alpinestars Tech 7 boots, but on Monday I was hoping to get them by the end of the week, so I asked MAW a completely unreasonable question:  Do you have them in stock?  The conversation went something like this:  I need to know if you have some boots in stock.  \tDo you want to pay with Visa or Mastercard?  I want to know if you have them in stock.  \tWell, the computer does not show anything, i had have to call the \tdistributer to find out if we have them.  So do you have them or not?  \tdo not you understand what i am saying? I have to call our \tdistributer to find out if we have them in stock or not.  Uh, right. So can you do it?  \tYea, call me back in an hour, and ask for Phil.  So an hour later Phil is not there, but Mike says he shall check, and call him back in half an hour. Half an hour later Mike is not there either, but he left a note that says they will have them by the end of the month (3 weeks away). Screw it, the 30 bucks is not worth the hassle. I called Chaparral and asked if they had them in stock:  \tOoh, Alpinestars? Probably not, they are hard to keep in stock, \tbut i shall check. What size?  Size 10.  \tlet us see, yes! Size 10, in blue & white, gray & white, black...  i shall take the blacks!  This was about noon on Monday, they arrived Thursday morning. Once again, three days via UPS ground. I _like_ Chaparral.  i am not completely down on MAW, they often have lower prices, but be prepared to wait.  Oh, and if anyone is in the market for sand tires and other ATV stuff, Scorcher seems like a good outfit, friendly, fast, had the tires I wanted in stock, and were cheaper than Chaparral too. --  Blaine Gardner   Evans & Sutherland bgardner dsd.es.com 