From: viking@iastate.edu (Dan Sorenson) Subject: Re: Why I wanted police officers to answer my posting  csundh30@ursa.calvin.edu (Charles Sundheim) writes:  >Some potentially cool story stuff here... Do share the details.  \tHOW TO GET A VERBAL WARNING FOR 146 IN A 55  it is simple.  First, it has to be the first really nice riding day of spring.  The bike is back together again, and so are you.  Grab all your gear, put it on, and fill the tank with 94 octane premium or better.  Head out.  \tIn Ames, there is a road that leads to the little town of Gilbert.  Gilbert has one stop light, if that tells you something. Having just gotten the bike back together, I thought i had take it for a short ride and check things out.  Heading out of town, I went into the twisties at a slow pace, just under the speed limit, and started leaning around.  The pace quickened as everything felt just right.  Finally, the road straightened and I was ready for a bit of speed.  Grab third gear, open her up.  At roughly 90mph grab fourth gear.  Look at as much of the bike as you can, and fail to notice a state trooper following a quarter mile behind.  Twist the throttle like a fool, grab fifth gear at 130 or so, and see just how well she is been put back together.  \tAt 146 (according to radar) I noticed the front fender was flexing a bit.  Thus, I slowed, pulled off the road, removed my helmet and gloves, unslung the took kit I was carrying in a fanny pack, and was just starting to tighten that fender when the trooper pulled in all hot and flustered.  \t Have you *ANY* idea how fast you were going?   Not precisely, no.  I was paying attention to the bike and road, not the instruments.  I just got her back together last night, and i am just out here testing her out before I ride it in traffic.  \t My radar says you were at over 145mph.  Care to tell me why I should not give you a ticket?   Because I was testing the motorcycle away from population and traffic, on a strait and flat road, while wearing all the protective gear that safety demands?  (note: I was not quite that eloquent) \t Say, what kind of bike is that, anyway?   \t Yeah, I have not had my bike out of the garage in years.    \t So why were you out here?   I figure every other idiot on the road is going to look right through me.  If the bike fails somehow in a 35mph zone, i am dead.  If it holds up out here, then I know it will work right in traffic.  I do this evvery year when I rebuild her.  \t Not any more.  you shall find a better place than *my* highway to do those speeds.  If I *ever* catch you speeding on my highway again i am going to nail you for everything I possibly can.  Now get out of my sight before I write you a ticket.   Yes, officer.  \t And kid, keep your eyes open out there...    \tAnd that, in a nut-shell, is how to get a warning for 146 in a 55. I do not guarantee that it will work for you, but it worked for me.      