From: patlo@microsoft.com (Pat Loughery) Subject: Re: Need advice for riding with someone on pillion  In article  rwert@well.sf.ca.us wrote: > I need some advice on having someone ride pillion with me on my 750 Ninja. > This will be the the first time i have taken anyone for an extended ride > (read: farther than around the block  :-).  we will be riding some twisty,  > fairly bumpy roads (the Mines Road-Mt.Hamilton Loop for you SF Bay Areans).   > This person is  of a problem, but what sort of of advice should I give her before we go?  My fiancee\' and I do quite a bit of sporty riding 2-up.  i shall tell you  what we have found and the systems we have worked out.  - On starts, accelerate MUCH slower than usual.  it is tough for the rider to judge how scary fast acceleration is, because we are holding onto something and leaning forward.  Remember this.  - On turns, have her lean forward and at the same angle as you (normally  this means she is not leaning at all.)  it is very disconcerting to be leaned over and have your passenger leaning so that they are sitting straight up. Much balance is lost and this can be dangerous.  - On slowing and stopping, do so MUCH slower than usual.  Again, it is tough  for the rider to judge how scary fast deceleration is, because we are holding  onto something and leaning forward.  However, you shall figure it out fast because braking too fast will shove the passenger forward into you, which  shoves you into the tank at an inopportune location.  - Generally, have the passenger keep her knees against you and the bike, not  out wide.  This helps balance and gives her somegrip.  - When you passenger is in fear, she will squeeze her knees against you. Normally this means  slow down, and do it now! .     > turning so she leans *with* me, but what else?  Are there traditional > signals for SLOW DOWN!! or GO FASTER!! or I HAFTA GO PEE!! etc.???  We only have a couple signals.   Slow down  is her either tapping me on  the back, or slapping my helmet with all her might.  Depends on the urgency of the matter :-)   Turn here  is done by her pointing in the direction of an exit.  This is also the sign for  cool!  Look at that.    I hafta pee  is the same sign as  turn here .   i am hungry  is the same sign.   Go faster  is usually done by her jumping up and down on her pegs in glee.  I usually see  slow down  more often than  go faster .   > I really want this to be a positive experience for us both, mainly so that > she will want to go with me again, so any help will be appreciated...  The best thing to do before the ride is to talk to a riding buddy, and  pillion on his or her bike.  it is incredibly frustrating, because you are  in almost no control.  Now, multiply that feeling times ten, because you as a rider know what your bike will do, and your passenger will likely feel you are about to scrape hard parts all the time, or lock up the brakes at any moment, or go careening off the edge of a volcanic mountain, etc.   Pillioning yourself is good training to take somebody on your pillion pad.  Also, remember that it is much more draining and tiring to ride 2-up than by yourself, because you are concentrating on much more, and  in the Zen of the moment  less.  Remember this.  ----------------------------------------------------    Pat Loughery [patlo@microsoft.com] Seattle, WA \t DoD   AMA, VME, DIOC, 1KSI=2.53  \'91 VFR750F, \'91 Nighthawk 750, \'82 Seca 650 Turbo \t\t^^^ For Sale ---------------------------------------------------- 