From: cjackson@adobe.com (Curtis Jackson) Subject: Re: Need advice for riding with someone on pillion  In article  rwert@well.sf.ca.us (Bob Wert) writes: }I need some advice on having someone ride pillion with me on my 750 Ninja. }This will be the the first time i have taken anyone for an extended ride }(read: farther than around the block  :-).  we will be riding some twisty,  }fairly bumpy roads (the Mines Road-Mt.Hamilton Loop for you SF Bay Areans).  Unless she is really adventurous, do NOT take her on this route for her first extended ride! that is kinda like taking someone on a no-show 10-way speed star competition as their first skydive.  }This person is <100 lbs. and fairly small, so I do not see weight as too much }of a problem, but what sort of of advice should I give her before we go? }I want her to hold onto me  :-)   rather than the grab rail out back, and }i have heard that she should look over my shoulder in the direction we are }turning so she leans *with* me, but what else?  Are there traditional  1) If the Ninja has adjustable suspension, adjust it to a stiffer setting so you do not bottom out in bumpy curves.  2) Tell her the 3 cardinal rules are:  a) NEVER EVER EVER EVER put her feet down. Not when you stop at a STOP sign, not when she thinks you are gonna crash, never. Keep them on the pegs until you tell her to get off the bike.  b) She is to hold onto your waist. She should hold on tightly enough that she will not slide off the bike if you twist the throttle a bit. And (added bonus for you here), she should keep as close to your butt as possible so quick stops do not make her slide into you and knock your balls up onto the gas tank. You decide how best to word this.  c) Just stay perpendicular to the bike; straight up in the seat. do not lean your body into curves, just go with the bike and stay perpendicular. do not look over your shoulder.*  3) Remember at all times that you have a passenger on the back. That means do not pop the clutch, and try to corner and stop smoother than usual. Be aware that if you jump on the brake, you are going to have the equivalent of a 100 lb. dead weight crashing into you from behind, so be prepared for that.  4) Make sure she pisses before the ride even if she says she does not have to go. No anti-women stuff here; I have a tiny bladder myself.  5) Remind her to look around while you are riding. Point to things of interest. It makes the ride more enjoyable to her (she will not get so focused on just looking at the back of your helmet), and it gives her ample excuse to squeeze you to show she saw what you pointed at.  * My wife and I tried the MSF-recommended  look over the rider is shoulder in curves  bit, and it just did not work. The timing of her weight shift was unpredictable (especially on the Maxim because, unlike the Ninja, the upright riding position really restricts the pillion is view of the road ahead). Next time I had her just remain perpendicular to the bike, and I could hardly tell there was someone else on the bike in curves, and she weighs substantially over 100 lbs. --  Curtis Jackson\t   cjackson@mv.us.adobe.com\t\'91 Hawk GT\t\'81 Maxim 650 DoD#0721 KotB  \'91 Black Lab mix  Studley Doright   \'92 Collie/Golden  George   There is no justification for taking away individuals\' freedom  in the guise of public safety.  -- Thomas Jefferson 