From: fierkelab@bchm.biochem.duke.edu (Eric Roush) Subject: Re: Young Catchers  Since I was the one responsible for these divergent threads of approx. 40+ posts (going back to: The Braves could be better off if an injury happens), I may as well inject a little more fuel to the flame!  1)  Back at the beginning of Spring Training, I though Lopez would make the squad easily.  Olson was still recovering from his late-season injury (knee, I believe), and there were questions as to whether he would be able to play before June.  And then Berryhill was dinged up.  I was looking forward to this, because I believe that Lopez can hit AND field the position.  Before last season, he was the Braves  Defensive Catcher  prospect, while Brian Deak was the Braves  Offensive Catcher  prospect.  Besides, Olson and Berryhill could not hit their way out of a wet cardboard box, and do not walk enough to be useful.  But Olson recovered quickly, Berryhill recovered, and the Braves went with the two vets.  I still say that if one of those two had been down at the start of the season, he would not have gotten his job back.  2)  There is a certain logic to keeping Olson and Berryhill around. After all, ML catchers are in short supply and suffer from wear and tear.  There are teams out there without ONE average ML catcher (California and Seattle come to mind).  Certainly, trying to move Olson or Berryhill through waivers would be unlikely to work. Plus, you had have to eat that salary, which is not huge, but is not tiddleywinks either (I think Olson is at about $800,000, Berryhill at $450,000, but that is only what I recall).  3)  Yes, I think arbitration-eligibility may have a role to play in this also.  What is it, that 5/6 of the 2+year players are not eligible for arbitration?   Only the 1/6 that were on the roster the longest are eligible?  Of course, the system may change, but the extent of that change is not yet known.  From a business standpoint, it may make sense to keep Lopez down until June/the first time Olson/Berryhill go on the DL.  4)  I am still disappointed that Lopez is not on the team. I still prefer to think of myself as a fan when it comes to the Braves, and the truth is that i had rather see our best team on the field, which, IMO, includes Lopez.  Of course,today we play the Cubs.  Hopefully, we will not need him. ;)  As for the Schuerholz/Cox conversation, I imagine it went like this:  (Remember, they have BOTH been GM is) (the following is not meant to be read by the humor-impaired)  Cox:  OK, we have sent Jones down.  His fielding could be a little smoother.  Besides, Blauser can hit OK and his fielding is better than it used to be.  Schuerholz:  Well, we will have to send Nieves down too.  Deion just will not sign that baseball only contract.  We cannot count on him in October, so we have to keep Nixon around for the defense.  Besides, Gorman is not ready to give up on Billy Hatcher yet.  Once Hatcher is gone AND Deion signs, we can move Nixon for Frankie Rodriguez.  That ought to give us some pitching depth in 1995.  Cox:  Yep, that\'ll be nice.  Too bad Deion will not sign. OK, i shall look for Nieves when Justice starts having Berry-Berry...er, back problems again.  Now, what about Klesko?  Schuerholz:  Well, we have still got to fork out another 1.5 mil for Bream.  If we keep Klesko, we either lose the money or Cabrera.  I keep dangling Sid in front of Dal Maxwell, but somehow he does not seem to be the same GM.  First Jeffries for Jose, and now Whiten for Clark!  If he gets rid of Brian Jordan, then i had HAVE to believe that he and Whitey Herzog switched bodies at the Winter Meetings!  Cox:  OK, keep trying on Bream, and i shall wait til the trading deadline for my Hunter/Klesko platoon.  Maybe I can get a few extra at-bats for Cabrera while we wait.  Try California... if Snow starts slowly, maybe WhiteyDal will bite on Sid. And if that does not work, then perhaps Sid is knees could be  persuaded  to act up.  there is always the 15-day DL!  Mwa-ha-ha-ha-ha!  Schuerholz:  What about Caraballo?  Cox:  Well, he has not that much better than Lemke.  Maybe if he starts in Richmond, he shall start walking more.  Besides, if he has going to be arbitration-eligible, better to stretch him out so that we actually get some value from him before he makes the big bucks.  Schuerholz:  Now, let us see.  That leaves Lopez.  Cox:  NOOOOO!  I gotta keep Lopez!  Sure, I did not think Olson would recover this quickly.  Maybe I can talk Caminiti into running into him again?  Schuerholz:  Nope, Lopez has gotta go.  You know that he shall get $3 million in arbitration.  May as well put it off that one extra year.  Besides, until Olson is shown his stuff a little bit, I cannot trade him.  Besides, Berryhill is a left-handed hitter.  You know how rare that is?  Cox:  do not you mean a left-handed whiffer?  Pretty common, if you ask me.  I mean, he made Pat Borders look good in the World Series.  PAT BORDERS!!!  Schuerholz:  Hey, you are the one who would not write Lopez into the lineup.  Cox:  Well, you are the one who went out and got me Jeff Reardon!  Besides, I thought Lopez would not be used to our pitching staff is stuff.  He got some time with them this spring...looked pretty good.  Come on, surely we only need to keep one stiff behind the plate?  Schuerholz:  Yeah, but which stiff?  Whichever one we keep will be hurt by May.  Cox:  OK, OK, you made your point.  Keep them both.  Surely one of them will be on the DL by June at the latest.  Then I can call up Lopez, and then we can win 110 games!  The Pennant! THE WORLD SERIES!  i shall be up there with John McGraw!  Casey Stengel!  Earl Weaver!  Oh, they laughed at me in Toronto, but have you ever had to deal with George Bell?  i shall finally get my just reward!  Mwa-ha-ha-ha!  Schuerholz:  Easy, Bobby.  Have you been taking those  happy pills  left around by Chuck Tanner?  Why had you ever hire that guy anyhow?  Cox:  do not ask me; ask Ted.  ------------------------------------------------------- Eric Roush\t\tfierkelab@\tbchm.biochem.duke.edu  I am a Marxist, of the Groucho sort  Grafitti, Paris, 1968  TANSTAAFL! (although the Internet comes close.) -------------------------------------------------------- 