From: snichols@adobe.com (Sherri Nichols) Subject: Re: Young Catchers  In article  genetic+@pitt.edu (David M. Tate) writes: >As for rushing...  If there really is a qualitative difference between the >minors and the majors that requires a period of adjustment (and I do not >believe there is), then would not you rather waste Lopez is 22-year old good >season than his 23-year old very good season or his 24-year-old excellent >season?  The sooner you get him acclimated, the more of his prime you get to >use.  Can anybody name a player who was \'rushed\' to the majors (let us, for argument is sake, define  rushed  as brought up to the majors for more than a cup of coffee prior at age 22 or younger, and performing below expectations), whose career was damaged by this rushing?  i am serious; I tend to agree with David that bringing the player up sooner is better, but i had like to look at players for whom this theory did not work, if there are any.  i had prefer players within the last 10 years or so, because then I can look up their minor league stats.  (it is important to distinguish between players who legitimately had careers below what their minor league numbers would have projected, as opposed to players who were hyped and failed, but actually had careers not out of line with their minor league numbers).    let us kick it off with an example of a player who was  rushed , although there does not seem to have been any damage to his career.  Jay Bell was given 135 PAs in the major leagues at age 21, and performed well below what you would expect from his AAA numbers the same season.  He got 236 PAs the next year at age 22, and still underperformed.  However, the next year, at age 24, his performance improved, and he won the everyday shortstop job, and has been there ever since.  it is really hard for me to see where he would have been better off staying in the minor league (where he was performed quite well in AAA) during this time, rather than being  rushed ; Cleveland might have been better off, I suppose, because they might have been less likely to give up on him.  Yes, if you bring a player up early, he has likely going to struggle.  But does that delay the time at which he stops struggling, and starts performing up to expectations?  Sherri Nichols snichols@adobe.com 