From: king@cogsci.ucsd.edu (Jonathan King) Subject: Re: Zane!!Rescue us from Simmons!!  Mamatha Devineni Ratnam  writes: >So far Simmons looks like a total idiot.  Whatever you say.  I think it is just 12 games into the season myself, so i am going to wait a bit before calling names.  >2) I am sure Simmons was ready to say I told you so after Otto had an >impressive win last week. Now Otto is latest debacle has restored Simmons\' >reputation. Now he looks like he is back in his \'92 form when he had the >AL is highest ERA among starters. Four our sake(not Ted is sake), I hope he >pitches with a 3.5 ERA for the rest of the season. Yeah, right.  I expect that Dave Otto will be a really bad pitcher, and I have no idea why Simmons ever wanted him.  On the other hand, I expect him to release Otto if he does not turn things around pretty fast.  (BTW, Otto is game score for that 0 IP stinker was only 22, which points out a problem with the method since Otto is performance was infinitely bad, and excruciatingly prolonged.)  >3) Tomlin and Merced are a bit disappointing. They are still doing decently. >But considering the considerable amount of talent and maturity they have >shown their first seasons, they seem to have actually gotten a little >bit worse.   I think Merced is rookie year was a bit flukey, but are not you willing to give him some more at bats (and Tomlin a few more starts) before acting so gloomy?  >4) Walk: Well, he seems to be on the losing end tonight. BUt I still think  >that Walk desrved his contract.  No he did not.  Walk is a time bomb.  He has no stuff whatsoever, and when the league finally realizes this, it will not be pretty at all.  >8) The Rookie batters: Well, Young has surprised me a bit with his >instant impact. Other than that, their excellent performance has not >been too much of a surprise. I think we should thank Doughty for that.  do not be so fast.  Doughty is the guy who signed Steve Buechele, which was a move that threatened to bury Kevin Young in the minors. Meanwhile, i am not sure whether Doughty or Simmons signed Martin as a six-year free agent before the 1992 season.  >9) Rookie Pitchers: Worse than expected, especially Cooke.  Twice through the rotation, and you have given up?  Yikes.  >10) Slaught: How come he was not given a contract extension last year?  >Now his value has increased immensely.  But so has his age, at least in baseball terms.  The useful half-life of a 34- year-old injury-prone catcher cannot be much longer than a year.  >11) Lonnie Smith!! Well, Eric Davis was signed for a comparable amount.  But he wanted to be a Dodger, and felt he had something to prove after his disastrous 1992.  I do not think there was any chance for the Bucs to sign him.  >let us see. Eric can hit better. He can run better. He can field better. >Now why didnt the PIrates go after Eric Davis. An injured Davis is better >than a healthy Lonnie Smith.   He certainly was not last year.  >Even if Lonnnie Smith gets some big hits this year,he will not be an asset.  >He has looked terrible on the bases and in the field.  Hey, that is the  Skates Smith  package deal.  Anybody who acquires Lonnie for his defense or base-running (particularly at this stage) is a real weirdo.  >12) Management: BIG BIG ZERO. Sauer has yet to make a forceful argument >in favor of revenue sharing. He seems more concerned about pleasing that >idiot Danforth by preparing the team for a move to Tampa Bay.  If that is the goal of the team ownership, than I do not see why Sauer gets a zero for making his boss happy.  I do not know what he has or has not said about revenue sharing, so I cannot comment there.  >13) Alex Cole fiasco.  > [stuff deleted] >Ironically, the biggest accomplishment of Simmons\' tenure was >getting Alex Cole really cheap. Too bad. [that he gave him away in the >expansion draft.]  it is annoying, but since Leyland seems to have been pushing for them to retain Jeff King, it was probably unavoidable.  Meanwhile, I think bigger accomplishments of Simmons\' tenure were getting some value for John Smiley, not trading real prospects for veterans down the stretch last year, drafting well in 1992, letting the rookies show something in 1993.  Foley, Smith, and Candelaria were acquired to be replacement parts, which means that even if fail it has not done serious damage to the Bucs\' future.  >14) Compensatory draft picks for Bonds: Forget it. The pirates can rant  >and rave. they will not get those picks. As of now, the issue is still  >being appealed.  Does this mean that the Bucs lost the initial arbitration case?  I never heard the outcome of this.  When will the final verdict be in on this?  >Now, if this doesnt convince anyone that Simmons and Sauer are idiots, >nothing else will.  i am not sure who was the idiot in this case, so I do not know who to blame.  It might have been Doug Danforth, after all.  In fact, I *seriously* suspect it was Doug Danforth, who has shown his willingness to call the shots at exactly those moments when the gun is pointed at his feet.  (btw--i have wondered whether my latest posts have been getting off-site, so if somebody known to impersonate e.e. cummings can see this, would he drop me a short note?)  jking    