From: fierkelab@bchm.biochem.duke.edu (Eric Roush) Subject: Re: Braves Update!!  In article  snichols@adobe.com (Sherri Nichols) writes: >In article  fierkelab@bchm.biochem.duke.edu (Eric Roush) writes: >>that HE\'D been thrown out.  And Gant had a legitimate beef about >>the 1-0 pitch that was called a strike.  A reasonable umpire would >>not have tried to FORCE Gant back into the box in that situation. > >A reasonable umpire would do as he has been instructed to do this season: get >the batters back in the box sooner to try to cut down on the ridiculous >length of games.  I for one am glad to see this happen, and hope more >umpires will do as Hirschbeck did in instructing the pitcher to pitch if >the batter will not get back in the box.   > >So what if the previous strike call was bogus?  it is in the past, it cannot >be changed; get back in there and deal with the next pitch.    Sorry, Sherri, but I cannot agree with this particular incident.  While i am all for cutting down the number of chain-rattles and other examples of rampant Hargroving, there was a difference here.  1)  Since time immemorial, batters have complained about calls. So have pitchers and catchers.  Usually, nothing happens. Unless the league notified teams this year about not allowing complaints, Hirschbeck was acting against expectations.  2)  it is not as if Gant was  in Hirschbeck is face .  Gant said something about the call, stepped out of the box, and turned away from Hirschbeck.  As a hitter (alibet of little consequence, but with a decent eye), whenever receiving the short end of the stick on a questionable call, i had want a moment or two out of the box, if for no other reason than to rethink the strike zone based on the experience of the last pitch.  And if I was really angry at the ump, i had rather turn away and catch my breath than turn to him and say something that might get me tossed, especially at a key moment in the game.  When Gant turned away, Hirschbeck IMMEDIATELY motioned for Gant to step into the box.  IMO, at this point in time, Hirschbeck was determined to show Gant exactly WHO was in charge of this game. Gant was not dawdling; he had not had a chance to dawdle.  And Hirschbeck was simply exercising a power play.  Gant resisted, as many of us might to what we thought was an unreasonable request, and Hirschbeck called for the pitch.  At that point, Cox came out on the field, the pitch was thrown, and many other Braves left the dugout.  Cox was tossed  protecting his player .  I was pleasantly surprised that Gant kept his cool enough to stay in the game.  it is a small sample size, but based on what I saw in that game, Mark Hirschbeck has a hair-trigger temper and a need to play God on the field.  Not good qualities for an umpire.  I will keep my eyes open for future appearances of Hirschbeck in the  future, in order to improve my sample size.  IMO, any game where you remember the name of the umpire was a bad game for the umpire.  Eric Roush 