From: snichols@adobe.com (Sherri Nichols) Subject: Re: Game Length (was Re: Braves Update!!  In article  nflynn@wvnvms.wvnet.edu writes: >\tI agree that Hirschbeck was just doing what he was instructed to do >and also that Gant should have listened to him.  However, what is with this >policy of trying to speed up the games.  You are the first person  >( non-mediot ) I have seen endorse this policy.   I wholeheartedly endorse it.   I have no problem with the >length of games at all and am tired of the ESPN crowd ( and other announcers ) >bitching about it. I have never been in a ballpark filled with people looking >at their watches and shouting  Hurry up!   If I cough up big bucks for a  >ticket, I do not mind a game that last more than 2:10.  I really do not >understand it.    have not been to many A is games, have you?  Seriously, I do not mind a baseball game that lasts a long time if it lasts a long time because there is good baseball being played.  However, I do not like 3-2 games that take 3+ hours, because there is a lot of dead time going on in that game.  I do not find anything exciting about watching batter or pitcher wander around between pitches, or watching the catcher make a slow walk to the mound, or watching lots of pitcher changes for no good reason (Whitey Herzog used to be the master of this; the game could be way out of reach, and he had still be making switches for platoon advantage).    I want to see the game, not people standing around.  I do not really enjoy watching NFL football games in person, for example, because there is so much dead time (you do not really notice how much dead time there is if you watch it on television, because they are busy showing you replays).  I do not like that college basketball games have so many time outs at the end of the game (the NCAA has made some moves to try to alleviate this problem for next year: they are going to stop the clock after made baskets late in games next year, and they are going to a 35 second clock).    there is also a difference in how tolerant I am of long games if i am watching them on the tube, and if i am going there in person.  For me, going to an A is game has become a major commitment of time, one that i am not willing to make that often:  the length of their games is costing the A is revenue from me.  Sherri Nichols snichols@adobe.com   