From: dchhabra@stpl.ists.ca (Deepak Chhabra) Subject: re:  Don Cherry is Coach is Corner Summary - April 3, 1993   allan@cs.UAlberta.CA (Allan Sullivan) writes:  Before I begin lambasting Don Cherry, let me first say that i have been sort of a Cherry fan for a while...admittedly stuff he says has to be taken lightly, but he has more-or-less harmless.  On Saturday, however, he crossed the lines of good taste:  >According to Don, the entire article was not perfect, and there >were some  ishots\' by Frank Musil and Alpo Suhonen.  >Don noted that Musil was not much of a player (did not >score many goals last year). He also made fun of their names... >One guy has a name like dog food, the other like a laxitive >(meta-Musil).  This is the best he can do?!!  Gee Don, tremendous amounts of professionalism here.  The CBC looks just as bad as he looks foolish letting him get away with this nonsense...making fun of names??  it is bad enough that he makes asinine blanket statements about European players, but he has now resorted to making fun of their names too?  He sounded like an idiot, much like he did last week when he said that Teemu would never make it to his \'Rock \'em, Sock \'em\' video until he dropped the gloves...  >On the subject of realignment, Don said that he liked the >new division names.  Well, what he _said_ was that even though he has been around the league for quite some time, he still does not know who has where w.r.t. conference and division names.  HELLO??!! McFly??  The names have been around for a couple of decades or so....he also invited the audience to  Name the teams in the Wales...quick, quick!  Followed by  Ah, you do not know, I do not know....     Sorry Don.  Wrong on this one.  >Ron (to Don):  I do not know wy I like you on your show >for 30 minutes... I can hardly stand you on this show for 5.   This was absolutely hilarious.  Don is argument about the basketball and baseball brawls was fairly good...unfortunately he neglected to mention the fines that were levelled in the NBA case.  Serious money...oh well, he has never been one for objectivity, has he?  Don is question to Gretzky:  >would not it be better >for you to change your friends so that they like the game, than for >us to change the game for your friends?   Now this I liked.   